Label	Text
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/18MliRf1eA
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/A6VrIsUbI8
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/I9KLVqHLo9
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/PCNuSlclJW
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/sTCkXegNV9
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/WtphgVywnX
spam	 #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/yQwP2YcDoS
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/9eHs4QmFE0
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/FThZGKjBR3
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/GCSmgKfp5m
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/L6bkZGHA2U
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/nzy9zl5k3a
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/Uq36YsuVXj
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/VAL8CRDfaW
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/VcQwSsY5a3
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/wFOeoSYOTL
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! @PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/ZR6dghYkd9
spam	 #Win a #Clarisonic Mia 2 or $160 in Paypal #cash. Winner's choice! Happy Valentine's Day! PostcardsRachel #giveaway http://t.co/e4g3XhzyTu
not relevant	 $14 shipped to the lower 48. Paypal only. Thanks Dan Castle link programmer w/USB cable
not relevant	 $14 shipped to the lower 48. Paypal only. Thanks Dan NA Castle link programmer w/USB cable
spam	" ....filling out credit applications lol ..especially when you click submit /.... dont you?? TFCU - $2,500 II Amex BCE - $1,400 II Wells Fargo Cash Back College Card - $1,500 II Paypal Extras Mastercard - $2,000 II American Eagle VISA - $2000 II Best Buy Mastercard - $300 II Kay Jewelers - $2,800 oh how i love..."
Negative	" @ nonorthodox , Do you have any more pictures of chat? If yes, please upload all of them. Also, please provide: a) pictures of your inventory history showing it in the Steam client. Please include all history from the day of scam. b) pictures of your PayPal showing all acitivty (Log in to PayPal, then choose View all of my transactions). Please do NOT crop pictures. Ten Immutable Laws Of Security Need More Info 76561198042055202 - (Krispen Wah/drguytodd/Lord Doge / [TF2] Team Fortress 2"
Positive	" @AaronYeoman doing it tonight mate, just been so busy with the day job ;-) ill email out the Dropbox link and PayPal mail address for paying"
Negative	 @ACGAlvaris hahaha paypal and http://t.co/dQ8sVYCoiy are the only places where i'm really uptight about the numbers XD
Negative	 @AskPayPal follow back I need help with my paypal
Negative	 @AskPayPal please check my dm and try to solve my problem
Negative	 @ayejaycee paypal are honestly shit to deal with when it comes to someone stealing your money
Negative	" @BestBuy The pay with paypal checkout option is not working on your website, it loads a blank white page instead of taking you to paypal."
Negative	" @BigFoltz i need your help with a pre paid card on paypal, please dm me."
Negative	" @bodytechfitmama @BalmainBeauty it's  horrible, I had it happen to me in the UK through PayPal- cleared my account!"
Negative	 @Chemo @KlngSosa fuck off you greek peice of shit no wander you only just got ur paypal positive
Positive	" @CokePokes I love you phantom tweak man, but I can't seem to be able to buy a license with my paypal :/ http://t.co/TTWGup73ON"
Negative	" @drunken_luv i just talked with her. Other idols have same problems, too. Paypal ID isn't managed by ""Treeplanet"" so we are thinking how to"
Negative	 @GayBabyUnicorn @PayPal banned* dropout but come online
Negative	 @GeekySwede I think ebay and paypal might be part of the conclusion yes. And cosplay is not a space friendly hobby :P
Negative	 @Hioctane308 Sounds like paypal! I think they have a phone number but they're not massively helpful...
Negative	" @KeEquityBank hi, am trying to verify my Visa and bank acc on paypal but I get an error. What could be the issue? kindly assist"
Negative	" @kestrelmakes tbf, i never bother with than on ebay either. :/ i just like the cash part of it. ebay & paypal fees are also annoying."
Positive	 @larky13 @CXAlert  Try this... Customer Service: (866) 540-3229 / Daily 5am - 10pm PT.  Good luck!  (Reply if you need PayPal's phone.)
Negative	 @Lestari_Lee @kiddowoo need to think first..lol..but I wanna buy it..I need to mke a bank card first so tht I can use PayPal
Negative	" @mcupp77 If nothing in Paypal, probably wasn't completed. Sorry, cheers."
Negative	 @Misery_NY @SovietEu soviet I got permanent banned for someone comprising my twitter and PayPal and scamming kids for cred how is tht allowd
Negative	 @MLG_JNays @Snuuupe  thats your teammates fault not ours 10 each please or looks like mommys paypal is locked
Negative	 @NelsonAlves00 @UmzyDesigns my PayPal is limited haha
Negative	 @nickdannheimer Not sure. Haven't used it for ages. Quite a while back I had my gmail/fb/paypal hacked. Had to set up 2 step verification
Negative	 @PayPalUK you have the shittiest customer service known to man.
Positive	" @Real_Ayy Only paypal and MB, sorry!"
Negative	 @Slimbaybee94 wanna know why the donation didn't go through? lol the paypal connected says i need to wait 21 days.
Positive	" @squishette Ya T____T Its like around $29SGD according to paypal, the rate is like 1SGD = 1.29-1.3USD T____T OTL"
Negative	 @Wr3stlerr_ @PayPal if you're serious i feel bad lmfao. cause you should've point out actually
not relevant	" 525.00 Shipping Costs Included Item Interest Brand new ContiSport 3's, brand new. 525.00 shipped/paypaled within the lower 48 US. tire rack has these for $600+shipping. 245/35/19 (stock M3). I can post pics if necessary. Thanks! ContiSport Contact 3 245/35/19"
not relevant	" 71 alf alfa it would be $28.00 by USPS I take paypal PM me with all your info if you want this and I will give you my paypal account info. Nakagtv another fellow is dealing with me on those that asked before you, if he doesnt take them, you are next. Thanks, Rick Some GTV and Duetto parts for sale"
Negative	" A few months on, PayPal is still bugging me to verify my phone number and it's still not working."
not relevant	 A used Slot.It Offset reverse motor pod (CH24) with gears + plus a red motor I believe is out of a MRRC Toyota Celica. $14.00 shipped to any continental USA address PayPal or USPS money order. PM or email if interested. Thanks Slot.It Offset Reverse Motor Pod & red motor (CH24)
Negative	 ACCORDING TO PAYPAL I BOUGHT SOME ALPACASSO PLUSHIES I SPENT å£19 ON PLUSHIES IM THE WORST
Positive	 Actnc101@gmail.com #paypal bud! RT @SpiceJr: @QuietRay @ACTNC101 hahaha we def did son. You wanna meet or send money paypal?
Negative	" Ahoy @paypal, this thing in your password UI is annoying. Pasting would be very useful here. http://t.co/UPiNaFIKnJ"
not relevant	" All Payments Are Done Through #Paypal, Our Website Is Currently Under Construction #theletterrack #gifts #love #unique #vintage"
not relevant	" ALL SOLD. If you buy these as a lot for $100ppd I'll throw in a pack of size small flushable liners. The whole lots includes 9 small gPants and 10 extra liners. Otherwise willing to break up into smaller lots ...$30ppd for 3 ... which includes extra liners. Or MMAO. 9 small gPants - 2 blue, 2 red, 1 grey, 1 white, 1 purple, 1 green, 1 orange -8 purchased brand new 3 years ago and only used for about a month. Elastic sides are very stretchy and in great shape; no stains. Velcro is like new. -1 handed down to me used (red), it's an older style, velcro also in really great shape. Elastic very slightly relaxed but never caused issues for us. 10 extra liners -most are in EUC - plenty stretchy, snaps strong. One or two might have extremely faint staining around gussets - I tried to photo it but I can barely see it. One has very slight fraying at edge near snaps but usability is not impacted. 2 liners came with the older style diaper and are slightly more stretched out from being stuffed. 1 package of small disposable liners -I may have used 1 or two out of this package but it is pretty complete. Some I had pre-stuffed into the gPants and never used so they are perfectly clean and usable. These were basically washed by hand the majority of the time. Want to sell this lot ASAP please. Paypal only. Will ship quickly once payment received. SOLD- small gdiapers in EUC"
Negative	" all you do is criticise, you continually think you know it all and just insult. You seem to think only you know how things are possible and anyone else doesn't have any methods. Why post at all if your just 100% rude. I could say a good few things about you but have more respect for people ! Quote: : There was also some underlying b/s claim on the Amazon thread that he could open 5 bank accounts per day. Best way to withdraw stealth paypal funds"
Negative	 Amazon trumps Ebay all day long for selling used gear. The way their dispute process works is simply a lot more genuine without sellers being capable of normally pulling this sort of a stunt. Just be lucky he didn't ship you back a box of dog shit and Ebay/Paypal would still refund him the cash and you'll be out the lens. You'd best be praying that he isn't attempting to scam you as it's so incredibly easy to do using Ebay. Every now and then UPS/FEDEX/ETC are the ones to blame when they mistreat packages in transit. As much as I hate to say it neither of these companies take any care when handling packages. Either way you should completely avoid Ebay for selling high value items. It's a mine field at the best of times. A grumble about eBay and inexperienced shooters
not relevant	" ASC Black Flag in mint condition with box and instructions. I have played through once and completed so want to move it on:-å£25 including delivery- bargain Price and currency: å£25Delivery: Delivery cost is IncludedPayment method: Paypal onlyLocation: Leicester  ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" ‰ª´ Will pay via PayPal in USD or CDN.Hello, this is my over 4 weeks repost. Please let me know if you saw it!!!I am looking for the dress + headbow. No socks needed~ EGL Community  Sales"
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Cheap Diabet
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Ci??arÌ_wka 
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Ci??arÌ_wka 
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Demeclocycli
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Dydrogestero
spam	" Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / , "
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / 5 
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / a 
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / an
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / be
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / bi
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / br
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / Bu
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / fo
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / he
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / He
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / I 
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / im
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / in
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / ip
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / is
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / is
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / is
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / MP
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / ne
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / ne
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / no
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / NO
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / on
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / pa
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / Ph
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / pr
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / re
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / te
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / th
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / th
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / To
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / to
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / to
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / un
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / un
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / up
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Extra's / wh
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Lora przycze
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Lora przycze
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Lora przycze
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Lora przycze
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit mobile phone
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit SamochÌ_d ci
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit SamochÌ_d ci
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit SamochÌ_d ci
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit SamochÌ_d ci
spam	 Bank Jobs For Palsden.com is being Provided By: EASYBANKJOBS.COM Government Jobs Notifications for Palsden.com is being Provided by: EASYGOVERNMENTJOBS.COMEducation News and Notification are not More Available at Palsden.com.... Please Visit Trimethoprim
Negative	" Below is a transcript ( deleted at reques t) of the email chain w/ Jake. Please, please, please understand, all I want to do is buy a TYPHOON watch. So, if anyone feels that I am out of line, let me know immediately and I will delete this post. Now, I tell you all honestly, that I have not received any confirmation or paypal request, and my feeling is that my order was dropped or lost or forgotten. Look at the date stamps on the messages. Did anyone get a watch during this time? RHINO Still waiting for a reply. **OFFICIAL** Dagaz Brand Watches 8"
Negative	" Beware! Just like there was phishing on Paypal, now it starts with http://t.co/EwxdJAuljg http://t.co/BbdYbfH1FS http://t.co/Vk0JljXP4o"
spam	" Birmingham Greyhound Protection are low on funds at the moment - having rescued quite a few oldies recently, the vet/dental bills have been horrendous. Kerry has offers of foster & dogs waiting but can't move without funds.. Please just take a minute to read this message -  ""Evening geeks .Cards on the table time I think ,funds are at an all time low  fundraising is so hard in the winter even more so because we are not a charity (should be a charity very soon it's going through ) The way the situation is ATM I will have no choice but to close the doors for abit .This is something i really really don't want to do because so many hounds need us .But with funds so low I will have no choice  we have taken somr oldies lately and bless them they are the ones really that kills the funds because of dentals but I don't want to be a rescue that only takes healthy fit dogs .Anyway we have neally 3000 members if everyone gave å£2 that would keep us going for a couple of months .I wouldn't ask if we wasn't in crises with funds .I have maxed my own cerdit card 3 times already aswell as paying out my own cash (which I don't mind ) If anyone would like to donate a couple of pounds so I can keep the doors open please comment under this thread and PayPal details or bank details will be sent .Thank you in advance guys I really wouldn't ask if I didn't need too""  PLEASE if you can help - no matter how little - comment under this post & I'll PM donation details to you. Chris Thorpe shared Greyhound Friends UK's photo.  Timeline Photos"
not relevant	" Brief about the upcoming project of Sare Homes in sector 92:No of towers: 15Building elevation:G+15, G+19, G+29Club House: 25000 sqftSemi furnished apartmentNext payment: 8-10 months from the date of bookingProject HighlightsThese apartments are designed for an exclusive few who want the BEST.- Modern Designed Structure provides Openness to your Apartment.- Plaza & World Class CLUB is just adjacent to your apartment.- Beautiful 7 acres Landscape and the Central Club.- 65 acre Integrated Residential Development.- 35,000 sq ft ultra-modern central club house.Location Advantages- Sare new project is located on the 60 meter wide sector road connected NH-8 (via 84 meter wide road).- Close to Multi Utility Corridor near DLF Garden city.- Close to Commercial Business District of Gurgaon at sectors 74A/75A.- Accessibility to Delhi via 60m/150m wide NH8 merging into Multi-utility corridor via Central Periphery road.kolkattaProperty Plot for sale Near Vel tech collegekolkattaall over india number 1 villasAvoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Bronze Mayo Hole Ti scale for Spyderco Southard ADVERTISEMENT Bought this scale off ebay before I even owned the knife, but then ended up buying the knife already with a CF scale on it which I happen to like better. This is a titanium scale of approximately the same thickness as the stock one, with may holes drilled to match the skeletonizing on the liner (it even has the chatter marks around the holes like Mayo does). It has been heavily orange peeled, and then anodized a goldish bronze. I carried the knife with the scale on it for a few days and it is in 100% perfect condition. The hole placement and counterboring on the scale is absolutely perfect. Once screwed together, the knife functions perfectly. However, the scale is not so perfect when it comes to fit. It is a little proud of the liners, most noticeably in the cutout for the spydie hole. I'm sure someone with patience and sandpaper could easily fix that, but nevertheless I do not consider the scale perfect and willing to let it go for $75 . Pictures from the original listing here: http://www.ebay.com/itm/Spyderco-Sou...vip=true&rt=nc This DOES NOT include an overtravel stop. Any questions, feel free to email me. Paypal gift or add 3% Ships USPS Priority Last edited by Misanthropia; Yesterday at 07:35 PM . Bronze Mayo Hole Ti scale for Spyderco Southard"
not relevant	" Buell Parts for Sale / WTB a stock XB9SX seat.   [Posts: 81 | Reputation: 1] Registered User I'm looking for a stock XB9SX seat for cheap. (see picture)As cheap as possible, seat can be torn, worn out or whatever, although I don't mind buying one in better condition if the priceis right. Seller must be willing to ship to Israel and and providepictures before payment. PayPal only.Thanks! -Ben Buell Forum"
not relevant	" Category: Houses - Apartments for Sale Apartments for sale in NagarbhaviAmith Urban Nisha- ISO 9001-2008 CompanyBDA layout,BBMP approved ready to occupy with in 8 months 3 BHK & 2 BHK Apartments for you at Bhuvaneshwari Nagarnear Nagarbhavi.3BHK -(1224.sq) Only42 lacGurgaonLow budget flat in Gurgaon available for sale || Enquiry @ 9873084156KolkataTownship Project 5mins from Railway Station.Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
spam	 Celebrate release of Michael Phillip Cash's Schism: The Battle For Darracia. Enter to #win $100 Paypal #Giveaway 3/7 http://t.co/aV40SA3Vok
spam	" charleshughsmith.blogspot.com I-State Lines ($9.95)Download the free Kindle reader for any device: Windows or Mac OS, iPads, iPhones and Android. Kindle for PCKindle for MacKindle for iPhoneKindle for iPadKindle for Androidgive a Kindle ebook as a giftOur print books:The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy ($20)  Banks Are Obsolete: The Entire Parasitic Sector Can Be Eliminated ~  What else can we do with the $1.25 trillion we'll save by eliminating these obsolete financial middleman parasites? A lot.  Technology has leapfrogged the banking sector, rendering it as obsolete as buggy whips. So why are we devoting 9% of our economy to an obsolete parasite?Financial sector profits now total a staggering 4.5% of GDP (gross domestic product), while the expenses generated by financial churning account for another 4.5% of the economy.  chart courtesy of Market Daily Briefing  Software and existing non-Wall Street/too-big-to-fail institutions could replace the entire Wall Street/banking sector and drop costs to .5% of GDP, saving us 8+% of our GDP ($1.25 trillion) that is currently siphoned off by parasitic middlemen. The banking sector is Exhibit A in the Middleman-Skimming Economy (February 11, 2014).  The pull of habit and propaganda is so strong that most people haven't even recognized that software and the Web can replace the entire financial/banking sector for a fraction of the cost of the current parasitic system, a system that (as we all know) has captured the regulatory and governance machinery of the central state, making a mockery of democracy.  The benefits of eliminating the financial/banking sector are immense and far-reaching.  What exactly do banks do? Banks perform these basic functions:  1. They hold depositors' money.  2. They act as a clearing house for payments, transferring funds from payor to payee.  3. They issue loans on a fractional reserve basis, i.e. a few dollars in cash deposits supports $100 in loans.  4. They originate and trade derivatives, run high-speed trading desks, operate various money-laundering and embezzlement schemes, influence elected officials with lobbying and campaign contributions and subvert both free market capitalism and democracy at every turn.  This entire parasitic middleman sector could be replaced with automated digital clearing houses and crowdfunded or non-bank loans. Why do we need banks to pay bills online? We don't; any clearing house could charge a small fee for the transaction.  Why do we need banks when loans can be crowdfunded? If we can invest money in start-ups via Kickstarter, Indiegogo, RocketHub, AngelList, etc., why can't we own a piece of someone's auto loan or home mortgage?  The web and software now enable the elimination of the entire middleman skimming operation of banking. Those with capital can invest that capital directly in loans that the investors choose. Risk is distributed throughout the system, and the process of verifying credit scores, income, valuations, assets, and so on--the building blocks of risk assessment and a market for debt and cash--can also be automated.  The entire notion that 100 savers put their money in a bank which then buys a mortgage with their savings and sells it as a security that supports a pyramid of derivatives is obsolete. Each saver can directly own (and sell on a transparent market) a piece of a mortgage, auto loan, business loan, etc. There is no need for a middleman banking sector at all--no skim, no concentration of risk, no opportunities for selling derivatives to unwary investors. All that goes away with the banking sector.  But what about holding deposits? We already have two institutions that could serve this role: credit unions and the post office. If those holding depositors' cash do not issue loans, they have no source of income to defray operating expenses. The solution is obvious: charge fees for holding deposits and payor-payee transactions.  If the fee structures are transparent, those who charge too much will disappear as customers go elsewhere. That's the purpose of transparent competition in an open marketplace.  Many other advanced nations have long combined postal and simple banking services: France and Japan come to mind. Here we have a postal service that is struggling to fund its operations in the era of email, and here we have millions of people who prefer to (or have to) do simple banking in person. There is no technical or administrative reason that the post office could not operate as it does in Japan, as a place to deposit funds (including auto-deposit of Social Security checks), take out cash, etc.  Please note that what I am suggesting is a transparent open market for these services provided by a range of enterprises and institutions. Assemble a marketplace of local credit unions, the post office, enterprises that handle payor-payee transactions such as Dwolla and PayPal, and you have a wide spectrum of choices to suit every need.  As for business loans: you can get small-business loans on PayPal right now. It's called Working Capital, and the borrower is given the total amount due right up front.  As for the commercial paper market: there is no technical reason why a transparent exchange couldn't enable borrowers and owners of capital to set short-term loan rates via transparent bidding with automated software.  The obsolescence of banking includes the Federal Reserve--the ultimate middleman skimming operation. But what about providing liquidity in credit panics? Well, to start with, once the banking sector is gone then the concentrations of risk and the obscuring of risk that go hand in hand with banking also disappear-- the forces that generate panics will have been dispersed. Those forces will have vanished along with the middleman financial sector that created all the risks, speculative excesses and panics. If there were a liquidity crisis, the Treasury could create and lend whatever funds were needed.  But what about manipulating interest rates and other forms of financial repression? Interest rates would be set by millions of borrowers and owners of capital in transparent transactions.  What about all those great investing services offered by big banks and Wall Street? As many have observed, automated index funds outperform 99% of fund managers over 10 year time frames. So Wall Street is also obsolete.  Once we get rid of these obsolete middleman parasites--Wall Street, the banking sector and the Federal Reserve--we have a delightful question to answer: what else can we do with the $1.25 trillion we'll save every year by eliminating these obsolete financial middleman parasites? A lot.   The Nearly Free University and The Emerging Economy: The Revolution in Higher Education...  Continues @ http://charleshughsmith.blogspot.ro/2014/02/banks-are-obsolete-entire-parasitic.html  Charles Hugh Smith: Banks Are Obsolete: The Entire Parasitic Sector Can Be Eliminated"
spam	" Crazy Faith is headed east of the mountains next week to Spokane, Wa!!!   We are headed over as I have been invited to hit The Streets with a dear brother Chad Chad Taylor. God is going to show up in a massive way folks.   We are praying in fuel and lodging funding. Wanna help? Email or Paypal to iamcrazyfaith@gmail.com and any amount helps.   See the link below for more info on the event if your already in Spokane area or want to come kick it with us.   Love you. Chief.   https://m.facebook.com/events/399120190225499 Ben Charles shared Chad Taylor's event.  Crazy Faith is headed east of the mountains next week to Spokane, Wa!!!   We are headed over as I have been invited to hit The Streets with a dear brother Chad Chad Taylor. God is going to show up in a massive way folks.   We are praying in fuel and lodging funding. Wanna help? Email or Paypal to iamcrazyfaith@gmail.com and any amount helps.   See the link below for more info on the event if your already in Spokane area or want to come kick it with us.   Love you. Chief.   https://m.facebook.com/events/399120190225499 Ben Charles shared Chad Taylor's event. "
Positive	 Demo of elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/kgyoy2Mdvv #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
Positive	 Demo of elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/kgyoy2Mdvv #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
not relevant	" Details about 1991 Planet Hollywood Disneyland Paris Logo Men's Bergundy Shirt Large DISNEY  No additional import charges at delivery!People who viewed this item also viewedThese alternative suggestions have been selected for you by eBay's recommendation engine.An item that has been used or worn previously. See the seller's listing for full details and description of any imperfections. See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab *2 holes in the seam of the right armpit, also there's cracking on the graphic* You have 4 days to pay once you purchase this item.   United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.   Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.  Estimated between Tue. Feb. 25 and Mon. Mar. 3 Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit.By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. eBay Search: (Error)"
not relevant	" Details about AUSTRALIA - 5 SETS RECENT COMMEMORATIVE STAMPS USED  No additional import charges at delivery!   See details about international shipping here. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.  AUSTRALIA - 5 SETS RECENT COMMEMORATIVE STAMPS USED1) 2014 AUSTRALIAN LEGENDS OF COOKING 1 SET PERFORATION3) 2014 VALENTINES DAYREGISTERED MAIL IN AUSTRALIA ONLY AU$4.00 Questions and answers about this itemNo questions or answers have been posted about this item.United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.   Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.  Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit.By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. recent"
not relevant	" Details about australia mix pre decimal decimal on paper sets recent 60c,5/- robe,$10 garden,  No additional import charges at delivery!   US $2.33) Standard International Flat Rate Postage See details about international shipping here.Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.mix decimal pre decimal some high values $10 botanic garden ,block 4 $1 butterflies etc see scans ,mostly on paperQuestions and answers about this itemNo questions or answers have been posted about this item.United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.   Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.  Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of  money to be paid within 7 days not responsible for items lost or damaged in post insurance at extra cost available items returnable if not satisfied paypal,bank deposit,money order ,paypal only from overseas please. Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit.By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. recent"
not relevant	" Details about Bad Credit Unsecured.com PREMIUM DOMAIN NAME AGED SINCE 2002 - $2,600 APPRAISAL  No additional import charges at delivery!   International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.  No returns or exchanges, contact seller with questions.Read item description or contact seller for details.When making payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account.  This information is needed in order to push the domain name to your GoDaddy account without delay.  Payment is due within 48 hours of committing to purchase. If we don't receive the payment within that time frame, we have the option of re-listing this item. Please note that any unpaid items will be reported to eBay. If you have any payment issues, please contact us to avoid this from happening.  This domain name will be pushed free of charge to your GoDaddy account within 24 hours of receiving payment. If you do not have a GoDaddy account, you can sign-up for a free account within minutes.  After you make payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account to initiate the domain name push. To make the domain name transaction smooth, we do not provide a domain transfer to any other domain name registrars.  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.  Free shippingUnited StatesOn or before Fri. Feb. 28 to 75217Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt ofThis domain name will be pushed free of charge to your GoDaddy account within 24 hours of receiving payment. If you do not have a GoDaddy account, you can sign-up for a free account within minutes. After you make payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account to initiate the domain name transfer.Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit. By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. Trendy People Store"
not relevant	" Details about Car Hire Purchase.com AUTO RARE DOMAIN NAME AGED SINCE 2010 - $1,200 APPRAISAL  No additional import charges at delivery!   International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.  No returns or exchanges, contact seller with questions.Read item description or contact seller for details.When making payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account.  This information is needed in order to push the domain name to your GoDaddy account without delay.  Payment is due within 48 hours of committing to purchase. If we don't receive the payment within that time frame, we have the option of re-listing this item. Please note that any unpaid items will be reported to eBay. If you have any payment issues, please contact us to avoid this from happening.  This domain name will be pushed free of charge to your GoDaddy account within 24 hours of receiving payment. If you do not have a GoDaddy account, you can sign-up for a free account within minutes.  After you make payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account to initiate the domain name push. To make the domain name transaction smooth, we do not provide a domain transfer to any other domain name registrars.  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.  Free shippingUnited StatesOn or before Mon. Mar. 03 to 20147Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt ofThis domain name will be pushed free of charge to your GoDaddy account within 24 hours of receiving payment. If you do not have a GoDaddy account, you can sign-up for a free account within minutes. After you make payment, please send us your GoDaddy customer number and e-mail address associated with your GoDaddy account to initiate the domain name transfer.Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit. By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. Trendy People Store"
spam	" Ecig Specialists (UK)   Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks  Ecig Specialists (UK)   Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks "
Positive	 Elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/HOJA4GNgCJ #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
Positive	 Elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/HOJA4GNgCJ #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
Positive	 Elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/jAx0PkRy7r #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
Positive	 Elegant and feature-complete #shopping #cart: http://t.co/jAx0Pl9Hlz #css3 #html5 #javascript #ecommerce #paypal
spam	 enter to #win a $100 Amazon GC or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/c6ZXaKFU6j follow RT
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/1aQpsm1Rcl
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/2n0s8YfJnY
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/6jfeZydOQY
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/FqqEfPkI5t
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/GoKEpqgEAW
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/L71Z9qPQd7
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/lhYXdE7tq3
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/QBTJKEQ5Rc
spam	 Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http://t.co/rmP1WdDP5h
spam	" Faithful, Fit & Fabulous Book Tour: $25 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash #giveaway! Enter to #win!! http://t.co/apNaEEHWZI Ends today! #fb"
spam	" Folks,We are running probably the last power buy on the Berkline recliners.Please see the list of available sets and pricing below. For multiple sets we may possibly offer even better pricing, so inquire if interested.With purchase of at least 3 recliners we offer 5 year comprehensive warranty / protection plan for FREE. Curb side delivery within USA is also included. We will ship worldwide. Contact us for a quote if it is outside of USA.All the chairs that we offer are with the power recline!Here are the payment methods and the ordering procedure:Full payment is required before the chairs ship. I accept certified bank check, personal check, wire transfer or direct deposit if you are banking with Bank of America. The Credit Card and PayPal payments are acceptable as well, but will require 3% upcharge.Before you send any payment we will generate an invoice and email/fax it to you. In order to complete the invoice we would need your name, shipping address, a daytime phone number and your preferred payment method. You will have to verify that everything is according to your order and then send a payment.We will ship the chairs as soon as your payment received and will provide the tracking info and a warranty contract. The chairs will be delivered to a local terminal, and the dispatcher will call you to schedule a delivery.BLACK Bonded leather/vinyl comboIndividual recliner --- IOI --- 1 --- $535BROWN Bonded leather/vinyl comboSet of 4 curved --- IOVOVOVOI --- 4 sets --- $1700.00 per setSet of 4 curved w/straight arm in the middle --- IOVOIOVOI --- 2 sets --- $1700.00 per setBROWN leather/vinyl comboSet of 3 curved --- IOVOVOI --- 1 set --- $1485.00 per setBLACK leather/vinyl comboSet of 4 straight w/loveseat --- IOIOOIOI --- 1 set ---BROWN Bonded leather/vinyl comboSet of 3 curved--- IOVOVOI ---3 sets --- $1305.00 per set Set of 4 curved --- IOVOVOVOI --- 3 sets --- $1700.00 per setBLACK leather/vinyl comboIndividual chair --- IOI --- 1 left --- $565BROWN leather/vinyl comboSet of 3 curved --- IOVOVOI --- 3 sets --- $1455 per setSet of 4 curved w/loveseat --- IOVOOVOI --- 2 sets ---BLACK leather/vinyl comboIndividual chair --- IOI --- 1 left ---BROWN Bonded leather/vinyl comboSet of 4 curved --- IOVOVOVOI--- 3 sets --- $1680.00 per setSet of 4 curved w/loveseat --- IOVOOVOI --- 1 set---- $1680.00 per setLIGHT BROWN leather/vinyl comboSet of 6 curved w/2 loveseats--- IOVOOVOOVOI--- 1 set ----BROWN Bonded leather/vinyl comboIndividual 2 arm recliner --- IOI --- 1 set --- $520.00 per set Set of 2 curved --- IOVOI --- 1 set --- $920.00 per setBROWN leather/vinyl combo2,542 Posts. Joined 2/2001Location: NJThumbs Up: 17I just bought 4 of the Lane 175 seats ( Brown leather bonded with power recline ) at a local furniture store. They look very similar to the Berkline 13175 seats pictured above. I paid $300 per seat plus $59 for white glove delivery of all 4 seats.Several years ago I was shopping for a new Tahoe. I visited several dealerships and a few of them claimed they couldn't drop the price any further because the price was only $100 over dealer cost. They even presented me with official looking documents showing the dealer cost to backup their claims.A few days later my brother informed me that one of his good buddies worked for GM in some type of corporate position overseeing several dealerships a few hours from where we lived. I told his buddy about the dealer prices I was quoted by the dealers and he said every one of em was full of baloney. Turns out the price the dealers claimed was barely above dealer cost was really going to net the dealer $10k in incentives, rebates etc from the manufacturer. Rather then pass along some of the savings the dealers lied about selling at dealer cost so they could ""break even"".Thankfully he was able to send me to a dealer willing to drop his price $8k below every other dealer I had visited. This only happened because I had inside info. Otherwise I would have believed the claims of dealer cost.  Subwoofer needed with floor standing speakers??  Who has the ""best"" customer service, tech-support...?  Hot Off The Press: The Latest TV News and Information  Input about power amps. Behringer vs Crown  Official Sony KDL-55W900A Owners Thread AVS Forum"
spam	 For a chance to win one $20 Paypal Cash and one of three books of Real Life Evil - A True Crime Quickie international http://t.co/EqTwuU7H9o
spam	 For a chance to win one $20 Paypal Cash and one of three e-books of Real Life Evil -  http://t.co/V5T8WHQ7E5 http://t.co/Ib58o7r2ny
spam	" FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image.  FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image. "
spam	" FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image.  FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image. "
spam	" FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image.  FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image. "
spam	" FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image.  FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image. "
spam	" FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image.  FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>> FOREX SIGNAL>>>>>  100% guaranteed signal,money back signal,And 100% satisfaction signal.  Please flow our strategy and signal for get more benefit on your forex account. Our strategy give you 100% profit on your trade, If you are loss we back your Subscription fee, and our signal only 0.01% risk so no heighted to get signal and benefit.  Next signal coming 24/02/2014------------  Last week profit >>>>>>>>>>>>> 322  We have biggest analysis team and our team work for benefit on our all client  You see our performers .   Now we added new way to pay for our service : 01. Paypal. 02. Payza. 03. Moneybookers. 04. Mastercard. 05. Perfect Money. 06. NETELLER. 07. Webmoney. 08. EGO Pay. 09. Solid trust pay.   Flow  this website blew image. "
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
spam	 Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10  Free PREMIUM first 10000 members. Online From 23th February 2014 > Free 0.250 first 10000 members. ***click the link and register*** http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.craziptc.com/?ref=renanlynella > 1$ MINIMUM PAYOUT for all -------------------------------------------------------- visit my blogspot.......click the link......http://phpptc.blogspot.com/ --------------------------------------------------------- Payment received today: Paid to my Paypal $9.1 today 02/23/2014 TOP 1 TRUSTED NEWLY...... http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella http://www.clickbucz.com/?ref=renanlynella NEW MEMBERS GET FREE $5.00 FOR FREE FREE $1.00 TO ACCOUNT BALANCE FREE $5.00 FOR DIRECT REFERRAL DAILY CONTEST FREE $100.00 TOP 20 DAILY REFERRAL PAYMENT RECEIVED...1.) $3.23 2.) $5.83 3.)$8.27 4.) $9.10 
not relevant	" from Chopper: Bodybuilders Bodywash EuroKing special If ordering from Eurokings thread please use the code ""Euroking"" so that EuroKing can be paid accordingly for allowing me to advertise on his threads. Bodybuilders Bodywash is a all natural antiseptic, anti fungal, anti viral, anti acne bodywash designed for military use and the benefits of athletes of all kinds. Bodybuilders Bodywash is a liquid soap desgined to be used in place of regular soap in the shower that can also be used as a shampoo and as a shaving creme. Bodybuilders Bodywash is more than just a regular soap it uses time tested antiseptics to kill germs bacteria and acne encountered in training environments. It eliminates oilyskin associated with aas use and can get rid of unsightly body acne in just 7-10 days. Run the cycle you always wanted to without fear of body acne. whats the point of killing yourself in the gym if you cant take your shirt off to show off your hard work. BBBW is essential to healthy acne free oily free skin while training on or off cycle. BBBW is a service disabled veteran owned small business. Its products have been on the market now for 2 years and has had thousands of positive reviews. It has been battle tested by Army Rangers, Marines, and private military contractors on the front lines and top level athletes with Huge success. BBBW is patented and safe for all external uses. 12oz bottles last approx 3 months and the cost breaks down to pennies per day. more info can be found at the website along with prices and customer feedback. www.bodybuildersbodywash.com EuroKing was nice enough to allow me to subcontract on his threads please make sure if you have learned about my product through EuroKing to use the code ""Euroking"" so he can be properly compensated. permanent sale for euroking customers 1. buy any three pack of 12 oz bodywash and get (3) 4oz bottles of original or extra strength bodywash free with your order. Just by using the code ""EuroKing"" as a note on paypal when you order from my web site. www.bodybuildersbodywash.com Similar Threads: Why Bodybuilders Should Fast and Get More Fibres... One off my favorite bodybuilders Ten Nutritional Mistakes of Bodybuilders Special Promo For Bodybuilders Bodywash thru EK"
not relevant	" FS: Benchmade Elishewitz 885BT First Production 317/1000 ADVERTISEMENT The knife is in excellent condition the only mark I see is on the pocket clip. It will come with the box pictured (which is not the original box). Payment via paypal goods $180 shipped. The first ""I'll take it"" on the forum followed by a PM gets it. The knife will be shipped USPS priority mail with insurance! Thanks FS: Benchmade Elishewitz 885BT First Production 317/1000"
Negative	" Fuck PayPal.  I was under the assumption that I was using normal PayPal, NOT BillLater. Now I owe them twice as much because I had no idea"
not relevant	" Gated Community Project9 Acres of Club House filled with amenites like childrensPark, world class gym, swimming pool, and health club24/7 Secuirty system,The Elegant wide roads offer you the ultimate cosmopositan lifestyleWater and EB Facilities are Exists.Proposed for Modern Luxurious Villas in the site. Location Advantages :1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.Gurgaon3BHK @75Lacs !! @9999006265 !! **Sare Group New Project Launch** !! Se...GurgaonBooking Start @5750000 @9711041010 Sare New Launch Project Sector 92 G...Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Gated Community Project9 Acres of Club House filled with amenites like childrensPark, world class gym, swimming pool, and health club24/7 Secuirty system,The Elegant wide roads offer you the ultimate cosmopositan lifestyleWater and EB Facilities are Exists.Proposed for Modern Luxurious Villas in the site.More Advantages of Avadi AC Properties1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.KolkataProperty Plot for sale Near Vel tech collegeKolkataTownship Gated Community Project @ AvadiAvoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Gated Community Project9 Acres of Club House filled with amenites like childrensPark, world class gym, swimming pool, and health club24/7 Secuirty system,The Elegant wide roads offer you the ultimate cosmopositan lifestyleWater and EB Facilities are Exists.Proposed for Modern Luxurious Villas in the site. Location Advantages :1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.GurgaonLow budget flat in Gurgaon available for sale || Enquiry @ 9873084156KolkataTownship Project 5mins from Railway Station.Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	 GEC #47 Viper Swayback ADVERTISEMENT Indian paint brush red jig bone. Fit and finish is excellent. Comes with original tube. Asking: $75 shipped/Paypal'd. ImageUploadedByTapatalk1393079471.358713.jpg ImageUploadedByTapatalk1393079482.563998.jpg ImageUploadedByTapatalk1393079493.512498.jpg GEC #47 Viper Swayback
not relevant	 GEC Tidioute #15 GEC Tidioute #15 Spey Blade. Excellent condition with a simply awesome patina on the 1095 blade. Great walk and talk on this one. African blackwood is the cover material. This one is insanely sharp. Comes with original tube. Asking: $80 shipped/paypald ImageUploadedByTapatalk1392903319.054054.jpg ImageUploadedByTapatalk1392903328.508032.jpg Northwoods Peanut
Negative	 Goldeneagle added $15 worth of extra fees if paying with paypal or cc. Too bad the $21 was stiff enough the added $15 for shipping blows it. Game over. English Sovereign (King or Queen) Gold Coin Our Choice $341.33 2 $682.66 Price Qty Total Cart Subtotal: $682.66 Payment Costs: $21.85 Shipping/Fees: $14.95 Taxes: $0.00 Total: $719.46 golden eagle coins Dealer Rating
Positive	 Google Wallet Will Struggle to Win Merchants http://t.co/54kHm83YOF
Negative	 Hack PayPal money adder 2014 new v1.01 - 100% work Download from site - http://bit.ly/1etsz0G Extra Tags - PayPal Hack PayPal Generator PayPal Money Genrator... Hack PayPal money 2014 new v1.01 - 100% work 29434
Negative	 having to wait for my mom to come home to use her paypal because shes changed the password UGH AT LEAST DONT FUCKING DILLY DALLY AROUND
not relevant	" Hello Nation. Today I'm throwing up my Phantom package on the chopping block. Really need to get my Autococker build finished and anodized, so it's time for this to go. Rules: Respect me and my thread and I'll respect you. Package is for SALE ONLY and I will NOT part anything (for now). I am looking to get $400 + PayPal fees. Price is a little negotiable. Gun has about 1000 rounds through it, everything is in excellent condition. Package includes: - Phantom VSC - gloss black - undercocking kit - 11 inch barrel - 12 round aluminum feed tube - ghost ring - hopper adapter - L stock - velocity adjuster - Deadlywinds 12 inch barrel - NO INSERT - CCM rail and on/off w/ macroline fitting and macroline - Ninja adapter ASA to 1/8 w/ black fitting - CP tank extender - mounting screws for stock and rail - spring & seal kit - ball detents - PB Mafia Joyride Harness - black - 29 ten round tubes with caps - APP hopper with pod lid Pictures: More pictures can be taken on request. Thanks for looking! Phantom Package F/S"
Negative	" Here comes an ancient thread. I came home to my parents house today to two letters from a company called Buchanan Clarke and Wells claiming that I owed paypal 401 euro and that I need to contact them (BC&W) to set up a payment plan. The letters looked ridiculous, with loads of made-up insignia and stuff. I just looked through my paypal history, and I haven't even put 401 quid through the account since I've had it, I usually just use it to pay for spotify. Who are these people?! And where did they get my parents address? Weird stuff. Buchanan Clark and Wells"
not relevant	" Hey all, I have a few MMs that I don't know the mature dates on that need to go and a couple others. If you need/want some pics just let me know. 1 MM P. Murinus Still making sperm webs and eating. Asking $45 MM N. Chromatus Has made a sperm web and is still eating. Asking $40 6"" Female P. Regalis asking $155 If you don't like the price make an offer. Worst I can say is no. Not looking for any trades at the moment. TOS: Overnight will be $35 with LAG unless USPS does not support overnight to your location. Priority will be $10 with no LAG. I'm not responsible for carrier delays or mishandling. Needs to be accepted on first delivery for LAG to be valid. I can ship priority if temps are below 40 or above 90 but its your risk not mine. I will include heat/cold pack if needed. If DOA I need a pic of deceased and possible needle or toothpick through abdomen. If DOA I will refund cost of T (not shipping) or send replacement if possible. I will accept Paypal or Western Union Moneygrams, but I prefer Paypal. Also, if you order from me please provide me with a number that I can text/call you at just in case there are complications with shipping. Thanks. [For Sale:] A couple MMs left and a female"
not relevant	" Hey folks!I have a lovely Sparkle Drive I just got in a trade. It's reeeeally nice- I'm tempted to keep it- but I reeeeally don'tExcellent shape, just a couple of very small nicks on the side and bottom. Works perfectly. Has velcro on the bottom, if you care about that kinda thing I can probably remove it without leaving much of a trace.Looking for $85 shipped/insured/paypalled in the continental US.  http://www.tdpri.com/phpclassifieds/showproduct.php?product=39398&title=voodoo-labs-sparkle-drive&cat=38You cannot reply to topics in this forum You   cannot edit your posts in this forum You cannot delete your posts in this forum Tape Op Message Board"
not relevant	" Hey folks!I have a lovely Sparkle Drive I just got in a trade. It's reeeeally nice- I'm tempted to keep it- but I reeeeally don'tExcellent shape, just a couple of very small nicks on the side and bottom. Works perfectly. Has velcro on the bottom, if you care about that kinda thing I can probably remove it without leaving much of a trace.Looking for $85 shipped/insured/paypalled in the continental US.  http://www.tdpri.com/phpclassifieds/showproduct.php?product=39398&title=voodoo-labs-sparkle-drive&cat=38You cannot reply to topics in this forum You   cannot edit your posts in this forum You cannot delete your posts in this forum Tape Op Message Board"
spam	" Hey guys! Anyone want some fun on #skype?Some pussy play,oil show,stuff like that #paypal #chaturbate #myfreecams #livejasmin #streammate"
not relevant	" Hey Guys! Paypal is ready to go on our website. Get your tickets now so you are guaranteed a spot. Quote: : Question: What are the rules on T-shirt suits? They don't like them at the actual prom, so... And do robots need to pay? It's no big deal if you wear a T-shirt. Some people just like to dress up for the dance. My FAVORITE choice of clothing to see is definitely all the costumes RoboProm 2012"
not relevant	" Hey NS, all stuff is OBO and shipping is included in the prices! Also I'm located in Spokane, WA for any local meets. PAYPAL ONLY NO TRADES PM OR TEXT 509-981-7866 Also tell me if something is overpriced/seems unfair I'm open to suggestions K+ FOR BUMPS First Off: Saga triple stack hoodie from last year, size XXL fits more like XL 8/10 $40 Next: Jiberish Average Joes Windbreaker XXL, wore to school a few times 9.5/10 $30 Next: Jiberish Jacks snapback, wore around but babied, great condition 9/10 $20 Next: Full tilt boot tounges FLEX 6 for boot sizes 28-29.5 I bought tougher flexes so I don't need these anymore 9/10 $30 Lastly: Forza 4 auto racing, Played 3 times then got rid of my xbox. For XBOX360 with both disks $30 thanks for lookin! k+ for bumps Wu tang is for the children ""Livin life with a bowl packed and a brew cracked"" Saga Jiberish Full tilt Forza sale!"
Negative	" Hey there the WSO looks good! I just signed up and after PayPal was taken to a Login page. But didn't receive an sort of welcome or confirmation email with my details to access the Members area. Also tried doing the ""Resend Password"" option but still didn't see anything in the Inbox or Spam folders. Please advise. Many Blessings, Jerold Hottest New Niche | Take Our PLR Flyers"" & Sell to Offline Businesses. Guaranteed to Work!"
not relevant	" Hey there, To access the page again, simply go to the Passbook app on your phone, Press the 'i' in the bottom right and the link to relaunch the competition page will be on the back. Thanks Can't re-type my answer"
spam	" Hey! Anyone want some fun on #skype?Some pussy play,oil show,stuff like that #paypal #chaturbate #myfreecams #livejasmin #streammate #MFC"
not relevant	" Hi Kevin, I know this is an old post, but I am having a problem with Profits Theme not sending my customers their username and password after successfully paying by Paypal. What could I be doing wrong? I also do not like not being able to look that info up in case I want to manually support my customers. Thanks! Who else has problems with Profits Theme?"
not relevant	" Hi selling this steam Accounts Account 1 Dead Island: Epidemic Beta Gift Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Call of Duty: Black Ops Retail R.U.S.E. Retail Mafia II Retail NA Napoleon: Total War Retail Metro 2033 Retail Left 4 Dead 2 Retail ( restringed zone geographic , not possible play in Spain) Saints Row 2 Retail Left 4 Dead Retail Dark Messiah Half-Life 2 Retail Standard Price 12  Account 2 Rocksmith Retail Offert me Account 3 Left 4 Dead Retail Offert me Account 4 Lucasarts Adventure Bundle Offert me Account 5 Pack x4 l4d2 accounts ( only this game) Pack x4 css accounts ( only game good is possible included others games lows for example half-life ) offert me Account 6 4 digits Steam Community :: [GTNW]Imp 100  only accept pay : PayPal contact me : this post or MP Steam Accounts Selling _ Included cs:go and low digits"
spam	" Hi, One of my pages is undergoing a ""deletion review"" on Wikipedia but I protested the action. Now I'm looking for people with an active Wikipedia account who have edited pages in the past. Also the account has to be older than 3 months. If you do, all I ask from you is to post a few lines (3~4 lines) on the deletion review and that's it. Simply posting 4 lines, I'll pay $5 by paypal. PM me ASAP if interested and I'll instruct you further. People with Wikipedia account"
not relevant	" Hi, Selling A Very Mint Rolex 216570 EXPLORER II 42mm Stainless Steel in POLAR/WHITE DIAL with Very Beautiful Casual Polar dial, Amazing 3187 Movement, and Very Comfortable Flat Case In RANDOM Serial. No Scratches, No dents, No dints, No issues! Watch Running Perfect. Only One Month Old. Plenty of Factory Warranty Left!!! Complete Packages/Set (double boxes with white sleeve cover, serial numbers tag, red tag, etc...) and Complete Manuals/Papers. Warranty Card JUST Named & Dated on The End of Jan.2014 from Rolex USA AD. So There is just Only One Month Old and Plenty of Factory Warranty Left Selling at ONLY $6350 included Fedex Overnight Shipping in US with Full Insured. TRADES +/- are always WELCOME (Preferred AP/Rolex/Panerai/Modern Trades). Payment: bank wire transfer/cashier check/money order or Paypal add PP fees. Face To Face Deal around Texas (San Antonio, Austin or Houston). So Many Solid References on TRF (Who's Who section)/WuS/Paneristi/Good Guys/WWF under my id or my real name, or on another forums. International Buyers are welcome (please add $100 extra for shipping fees). Email: bithanh_84@hotmail.com #no space, there is only one underscore# Cell: (614)804-3764 I am just a watch collector and independent watch dealer. And I am not affiliated with Rolex USA in anyway. My watches comes from various dealers in the US. All my watches are guaranteed authentic and will stand by its Authenticity. THE PHOTOGRAPHS ARE OF THE EXACT ITEM UP FOR SALE & Everything Pictured: FSOT:Mint Rolex 216570 EXPLORER II 42mm WHITE/POLAR DIAL RANDOM SERIAL ONLY 1 MONTH OLD!"
Positive	" Hi, Thanks For The Follow, Follow #welcomeTweet @941Rivers @MeLikeGoodMusic @paypalcashARG via http://t.co/obV9Np0C3H"
Negative	" hi. i'm a new google wallet user and i wanna ask, will every puchase i make with google wallet comes with notification in my gmail? because i read some issues in the internet that several people made some transactions with google wallet without even know that and they got charged by the bank but didnt get any notification in their gmailbtw i tried purchased something via google wallet and the transaction was suceeded and i got a notification from google in my gmail thanks billing notification"
not relevant	" Hola, First time this has ever happened, but today i logged on and everyones username was blue. I browse the forums basically only from my phone and had never seen this before, so i was curious if something changed or if my phone is just messing up. XD Thanks! Wallet: Capital One Cash Rewards 3500CL, Wells Fargo Cash Back College Visa: 900CL, Paypal Smart Connect: 1286CL, Walmart: 1300CL, UPromise Mastercard: 1000CL, Chase Slate: 500CL, Discover IT: 1500CL, Citi Forward: 1500CL, Bank Of America Student Travel Rewards: 700CL Username Color"
Positive	 How To Cancel A Paypal Authorized Recurring Payment http://t.co/y4vbHczBjj
spam	 How To Turn $1.75 Into $1000000 Quickly-Get Paid Instantly To Your Payza or Paypal Account!! http://t.co/qso4xKhYhx via @delicious
spam	 http://t.co/iPl5juqGYG     I Receive $500 yesterday in PayPal A/C. Real Paying site. Use this site to earn money. 100% Free to join. No Scam
spam	 http://t.co/iPl5juqGYG    I Receive $500 yesterday in PayPal A/C. Real Paying site. Use this site to earn money. 100% Free to join. No Scam
not relevant	" http://www.lazada.com.ph/euroo-cushion-massager-54454.html ‰â± 5,990.00     Cushion Massager with deep rolling and kneading massage     Ten Minutes initial auto timer adjustable up to 30 minutes     Heating for good blood circulation     Cushion vibration for hips and buttocks relaxation     Home, Office and car use     Relieves muscle pains with different programs     Includes AC/Car adaptor Fight stress without having to compromise your work schedule. Euroo Cushion Massager can deliver fast results while you continue your routine. Just install it on your favorite work chair and let it do its magic.  This cushion massager has a deep rolling and kneading massage. To promote better blood circulation this amazing device includes a heating function along with vibrations along the hips and buttocks area.  Relieve your muscle pains whether you are at home, at the office or even when you are in your car. An auto timer with an initial period of 10 minutes may be adjusted up to 30 minutes based on your preference.  The Euroo Cushion Massager comes with an AC/Car adaptor for your convenience.   BUY ANYTHING YOU WANT THRU COD (Cash on Delivery), CREDIT CARDS, MEGALINK ATM or PAYPAL .....BUY on MONDAYS using MASTERCARD CREDIT CARDS and ENJOY 10% discount on top of the CURRENT DISCOUNT PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON MOST ITEMS ‰â±1,000 + above. only at Lazada Philippines http://www.lazada.com.ph/euroo-cushion-massager-54454.html ‰â± 5,990.00     Cushion Massager with deep rolling and kneading massage     Ten Minutes initial auto timer adjustable up to 30 minutes     Heating for good blood circulation     Cushion vibration for hips and buttocks relaxation     Home, Office and car use     Relieves muscle pains with different programs     Includes AC/Car adaptor Fight stress without having to compromise your work schedule. Euroo Cushion Massager can deliver fast results while you continue your routine. Just install it on your favorite work chair and let it do its magic.  This cushion massager has a deep rolling and kneading massage. To promote better blood circulation this amazing device includes a heating function along with vibrations along the hips and buttocks area.  Relieve your muscle pains whether you are at home, at the office or even when you are in your car. An auto timer with an initial period of 10 minutes may be adjusted up to 30 minutes based on your preference.  The Euroo Cushion Massager comes with an AC/Car adaptor for your convenience.   BUY ANYTHING YOU WANT THRU COD (Cash on Delivery), CREDIT CARDS, MEGALINK ATM or PAYPAL .....BUY on MONDAYS using MASTERCARD CREDIT CARDS and ENJOY 10% discount on top of the CURRENT DISCOUNT PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON MOST ITEMS ‰â±1,000 + above. only at Lazada Philippines Henry Manatad Cabatana shared Wealthpage.org's photo.  Timeline Photos"
not relevant	" http://www.lazada.com.ph/euroo-cushion-massager-54454.html ‰â± 5,990.00     Cushion Massager with deep rolling and kneading massage     Ten Minutes initial auto timer adjustable up to 30 minutes     Heating for good blood circulation     Cushion vibration for hips and buttocks relaxation     Home, Office and car use     Relieves muscle pains with different programs     Includes AC/Car adaptor Fight stress without having to compromise your work schedule. Euroo Cushion Massager can deliver fast results while you continue your routine. Just install it on your favorite work chair and let it do its magic.  This cushion massager has a deep rolling and kneading massage. To promote better blood circulation this amazing device includes a heating function along with vibrations along the hips and buttocks area.  Relieve your muscle pains whether you are at home, at the office or even when you are in your car. An auto timer with an initial period of 10 minutes may be adjusted up to 30 minutes based on your preference.  The Euroo Cushion Massager comes with an AC/Car adaptor for your convenience.   BUY ANYTHING YOU WANT THRU COD (Cash on Delivery), CREDIT CARDS, MEGALINK ATM or PAYPAL .....BUY on MONDAYS using MASTERCARD CREDIT CARDS and ENJOY 10% discount on top of the CURRENT DISCOUNT PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON MOST ITEMS ‰â±1,000 + above. only at Lazada Philippines http://www.lazada.com.ph/euroo-cushion-massager-54454.html ‰â± 5,990.00     Cushion Massager with deep rolling and kneading massage     Ten Minutes initial auto timer adjustable up to 30 minutes     Heating for good blood circulation     Cushion vibration for hips and buttocks relaxation     Home, Office and car use     Relieves muscle pains with different programs     Includes AC/Car adaptor Fight stress without having to compromise your work schedule. Euroo Cushion Massager can deliver fast results while you continue your routine. Just install it on your favorite work chair and let it do its magic.  This cushion massager has a deep rolling and kneading massage. To promote better blood circulation this amazing device includes a heating function along with vibrations along the hips and buttocks area.  Relieve your muscle pains whether you are at home, at the office or even when you are in your car. An auto timer with an initial period of 10 minutes may be adjusted up to 30 minutes based on your preference.  The Euroo Cushion Massager comes with an AC/Car adaptor for your convenience.   BUY ANYTHING YOU WANT THRU COD (Cash on Delivery), CREDIT CARDS, MEGALINK ATM or PAYPAL .....BUY on MONDAYS using MASTERCARD CREDIT CARDS and ENJOY 10% discount on top of the CURRENT DISCOUNT PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON MOST ITEMS ‰â±1,000 + above. only at Lazada Philippines My Android & Me shared Wealthpage.org's photo.  Timeline Photos"
not relevant	" I am going to sell off some of the stuff from my TVS setup. This is the JLT Carbon Fiber 127 CAI. Some get the smaller ones confused but this is in fact the 127. I would be happy to educate those that would like to see the difference. Price is substantially higher on these intakes as well. This piece has a little less than 500 miles on it and is in excellent condition. We used it to do a little r&d and now time for the new setup so no need for it now. Comes with everthing as you buy it from JLT including the strut bar spacers that is sold with the kit. Pretty firm, these are not on here much or very long. Fits the 2010 up gt500 for sure... I was actually using this on my 2007 gt with a 4.6L 3v and 2013 GT500 TVS. I did have a cowl hood on my GT tho and it would not fit if I was using my 05-09 gt hood. This intake is designed for PD bowers with the CAI on the drivers side. $350 shipped to lower 48 us. Paypal fees are included ... please do not ""gift"" Thanks for looking SVT! JLT Carbon Fiber 127 CAI"
not relevant	" I bought this new and have less than 10 flights on it. Typical tail wag problems and I am just not going to mess with it. I will rather stay with my MCPX. I did take the canopy and the FFF blades for my MCPX so this is sold with one set of blades and no canopy. It does have a charger and the one battery it comes with. Asking 130.00 shipped and paypal'd CONUS only. Thanks Jz. (I have excellent feedback on RR, HF and RCG). Blade MCPX BL"
Negative	" I cannot recommend @UniqueGeekHost for a VPS provider. Took money, cancelled service, no response on ticket. Opened dispute with paypal."
Negative	 I don't trust my wife so I understand the restraint. But I was offering a free-roll. I didn't send a link. I said I couldn't Paypal. FTL.
Negative	 I don't want to make a paypal account just to buy this ughhhh
spam	 I entered to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway! WW  http://t.co/QBTJKEQ5Rc
spam	 I entered to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway! WW  http://t.co/rmP1WdDP5h
not relevant	" I had it but its gone, I can look for another. thanks for sending it my way guys. Ray Paypal rcar1313@yahoo.com VIRTUAL JUNKYARD ON FACEBOOK 4th gen parts available. Search/add Virtual Junkyard on facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Virtu...02207606487557 Brianlvs@yahoo.com for TUNING !!! 90-92 Stock Radio with Cass. and Full Eq."
Positive	" I hate to be a stick in the mud, but they're right. If you use your Dad's PayPal for the transaction that's still illegal because you're underage. You would have to have an adult handle all of the transaction, from emails, to payment, to shipping, ect. Just making sure you know! Glad you're gung ho about it (and congrats on you making a tail!) but just don't go breaking the law. Selling a tail"
Negative	" I have an ecommerce store that sells vaporizers which are for aromatherapy use only. Paypal denied approval with the first application and I spoke with a Paypal rep regarding it. He seemed pretty confident we would be approved if we resubmitted and made our case about aromatherapy. He also said they would give some guidance on why we were not approved if denied a 2nd time. Well, we were denied again and received the same standard vague unapproval email which makes me wonder how we can get better support. I think they believe it is related to e-cigs. The truth is it is not in any way related to e-cigs. Google accepts business with aromatherapy and there are comprable ecommerce stores using Paypal. I am certain there is a way to get approved. We need some help getting past the hurddle. Thanks! Prohibited Item Issue: Aromatherapy"
not relevant	" I have brand new (still in packages) FuzziBunz and Charlie Banana cloth diapers for sale. There is nothing wrong with them, we just have too many and need to de-stash some. We are from a smoke free AND pet free home. The husband and kids have allergies so the house is kept very clean, in case that is a concern. (I know it is something I always worry about). Inventory and pricing of diapers are as follows and reflect a 25% discount on retail pricing and include all shipping and PayPal fees. I will ship the cheapest way possible with delivery confirmation. If you purchase in lots of 6 or more I will ship priority mail. Charlie Banana 3 pack in extra small in solid boy-ish colors, yellow and 2 shades of blue. Retail is $44.99 and I am asking $33.75ppd. <--this is for the box of 3 diapers, not singletons. FuzziBunz perfect size diapers in small I have one in: Cotton candy Retail is $15/each and I am asking $11.25ppd. If you purchase in lots of 6 or more I will discount $1 for every diaper purchased (assuming you mix sizes). FuzziBunz perfect size diapers in medium I have one of each in: White Choco truffle Tootie frootie Cotton candy Crushed berry Retail is $16/each and I am asking $12ppd. If you purchase in lots of 6 or more I will discount $1 for every diaper purchased (assuming you mix sizes). FuzziBunz one size diapers I have one of each in: White Grape Crushed berry Cotton candy Tootie frootie Big sky Mint Butter cream Mac n cheese Watermelon Retail is $20/each and I am asking $15ppd. If you purchase in lots of 6 or more I will discount $1 for every diaper purchased. NEW FuzziBunz & Charlie Banana diapers"
not relevant	" I have here my 1st micro brand purchase, a Magrette, in October 2013. It comes in the Rose Gold flavour which I find extremely unique. Am looking at a new watch piece in the next few months, so would like to raise fund for it. Watch condition is very good, no scratches/dings/broken anything on case or sapphire crystal. Rated condition at 8.5/10. Rarely worn because have 6 pieces in rotation. Safety clear sticker on case back still there. Only worn the signed black rubber strap. Have not fitted/used the paid black leather (USD35 extra). Deployment buckle works and no desk dive marks. Made a watch review post here, http://www.malaysiawatchforum.com/index.php?topic=10813.0 for reference. [Note : Watch was sent back to New Zealand for bezel replacement, as noted in the review. Was without the watch for 1.5 months] Asking price : USD470.00 (New at USD630.00) Payment : Paypal (Split fees), with confirmed address. Package : Original box and papers. Additional leather strap (original NEW) Shipping : USD40.00 worldwide. Watch location : Malaysia Specifications as follows; Watch : MAGRETTE Model : Moana Pacific Professional Case : Rose Gold PVD w/grey dial Accessories : Rubber w/deployment buckle (Rose gold) & leather strap w/black stitching (unused) Package : Pine box, canvas cloth, warranty card Bought : New in October 2013 Owner : 1st Serial : 086/500 Specifications : MOVEMENT: 9015 MIYOTA WITH HACKING SECONDS CASE DIAMETER: 44MM EXCLUDING THE CROWN BEZEL: BLACK CERAMIC (MATT FINISH) CROWN: SCREW DOWN CROWN. CRYSTAL: SAPPHIRE (DOUBLE DOMED), AR COATING. DIAL AND HANDS: SUPER LUMINOVA C3 PRESSURE VALVE: FUNCTIONAL PRESSURE ESCAPE VALVE WATER-RESISTANCE: 500M/1650FT WATER RESISTANCE LIMITED EDITION: 500 (ROSE GOLD PVD) FEATURES: Automatic winding and hand winding 28.800 BPH 24 Jewels Hour, minute and sweeping second hands Date function Second stop mode (hacking function) when setting time Shock absorber for balance staff Running time of more than 42 hours when fully wound FS : Magrette Moana Pacific Profesisonal ROSE GOLD"
not relevant	" I have the following for sale. Please contact Aaron at aaron1105@aol.com if interested. I dont check the message board that often. The best way is by email. Items are available for pickup at my work in San Mateo, California or I can send it for an additional fee. Payment is via Paypal or in person in cash. Please let me know your address, country, or/and zip code for a Quote: . If you arent satisfied with the condition or item, please return it within a week in the same condition as received for a refund. I have a bunch of new and used servos for sale. All are in perfect working condition. You can look up the specs online as the info is out there. Most except 1 are Sanwa/Airtronics. 1. New Airtronics 94770 servo. Never been used. I opened the box and never installed it. $60 2. 2pcs of Used Airtronics ERS-971 94647 (Low Profile) Servo $60 each 3. Used Airtronics 94746 (Low Profile) Servo - $45 4. Used Airtronics 94925 (Low Profile) Servo - $45 5. Mystery used Futaba low profile servo from circa 2010-2011. Not sure what model number. It's for 1/10 touring car and probably has plastic gears. $30 6. 2pcs Used Airtronics 94360 servo - $45 7. Used Airtronics ERS-951-94770 - $45 FS: MANY SERVOS - VARIOUS FOR 1/10 SCALE"
not relevant	" I have the following for sale. Please contact Aaron at aaron1105@aol.com if interested. I dont check the message board that often. The best way is by email. Items are available for pickup at my work in San Mateo, California or I can send it for an additional fee. Payment is via Paypal or in person in cash. Please let me know your address, country, or/and zip code for a Quote: . If you arent satisfied with the condition or item, please return it within a week in the same condition as received for a refund. Protek 7.4V 2 Cell 4300 mAh 100C pack. Selling for $50 I used this for 2 race weekends. It's really quite new. I haven't charged it since October 2013. Protek 7.4V 2 Cell 4300 mAh 100C pack"
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/6Rupv1zGiY
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/7iqNJodHKA
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/byMqr46P1C
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/DiZ47Fz5c2
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/DmMySF9hPZ
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/etN0iKXPNN
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/FsiqbhptIU
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/Iq9oi8ony1
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/leS8xU9DvY
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/NRLJ2MSQkm
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/OQVTNJbWCi
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/OrrXRErvCX
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/PFleCayY1g
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/PRDv2GZh5W
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/Rg48S9b4Y6
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/sBY9nQoCOm
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/uh7xpR1Ykj
spam	 I just entered to #win a $100 Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash from #MPMbloggers ~ #Giveaway open Worldwide! #FanLove http://t.co/ZvO6WF3Crd
not relevant	" I just need to chase people for deposits please, I've lots of people after your dates and I'm not refusing people based on bookings without deposits .  No booking is secure without a deposit so if you could get them to me ASAP to save disappointment and so I know where I am with bookings.  Deposits can be paid by PayPal, bank transfer or cash.(inbox me for details) Thanks  I just need to chase people for deposits please, I've lots of people after your dates and I'm not refusing people based on bookings without deposits .  No booking is secure without a deposit so if you could get them to me ASAP to save disappointment and so I know where I am with bookings.  Deposits can be paid by PayPal, bank transfer or cash.(inbox me for details) Thanks "
spam	 I just signed up to #WIN my choice of either $50 PayPal Cash or Amazon Card!  Thank You @Play2Shop @1sttimemomndad http://t.co/doti8ngXyE
spam	 I just signed up to #WIN my choice of either $50 PayPal Cash or Amazon Card!  Thank You @Play2Shop @1sttimemomndad http://t.co/F01rcJL8DO
not relevant	" I will stop accepting orders for the first run before i go to bed on Sunday 2/23. so figure around 11pm est. Last chance to get in on this run. hopefully its not the only one. if you have posted in the thread and havent sent me paypal or notified me you are sending cash, check or money order, please do so. if you have sent me an order and havent posted in the thread, please do so to help me keep track. thanks to all that have ordered so far! WTS: Zastava T Shirts, Asphalt Gray w/Zastava's Blue Logo, 1st run ends Sun.2/23"
not relevant	" I, however, am affiliated with the team... And if anyone does want to go, please give me a shout (either here, or at bnorris@ontariofury.com ). If you want to bring a group out, it's only 10 or more people to qualify for the group rate ($2 off any of the lower bowl tickets - $18 for midfield, $13 for the corners or $8 for behind the goal). Right now, I am putting together a friends/family/acquaintance group for the Oct. 26 game in the $18 seats. If any of you are interested, feel free to drop me an email and I can include you in the group, and we'll work out the payment via the team or PayPal, then get tickets out. And if any of you have children in schools in the 909, we have the Health's A Kick assembly program where the players and coaches come out and talk about healthy living. The kids get ""homework"" to fill out, and if they turn it into the school, they get a free ticket. Here's a video from our first assembly program: Sorry for the shameless plug, but we're hoping to get as many sports fans out to see indoor soccer Oct. 26 and beyond. Ontario Fury indoor professional soccer!"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Modern 2 Bedroom flat for Rent, Unfurnished, 2 good sized bedrooms, Living Room, Kitchen, Toilet with Double Shower including Thermostatic Mixing ShowerGas Central Heating, Secure Entry System, Private Car Park including Own Space. Double Glazing.Close to Paisley Town Centre, Paisley University and The Royal Alexandra Hospital, Good Bus Service at the top of the road.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. This 3-in-1 polished steel coffee system will take ESE pods, ground coffee and NX capsules to make the coffee that suits you.In hardwearing cast aluminium, this Dualit machine offers a clean, sophisticated presence in your kitchen. It hosts a professional filter holder to ensure your coffee is creamy and delicious, and takes ground coffee in one or two serving sizes, or Easy Serve Espresso pods for complete ease of use.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items. Used but in really good condition, sturdy and safe. Looking for å£150 but open to offers. Includes apron, footmuff, shopping basket, rain covers, change bag and jet car seat.Silver Cross Linear Freeway offers you the choice of pram or pushchair mode, all on one lightweight chassis.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.4 box of Dustbags each box å£14 for free to go with the vacum å£100Prestige Silver Fridge model PRT130LS - Lander Fridge å£50Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.4 box of Dustbags each box å£14 for free to go with the vacum å£100Prestige Silver Fridge model PRT130LS - Lander Fridge å£50Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.50gramsNew In Box 9 boxes availableCream specially formulated to lighten the skin.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Both bought from Harveys and still in there currant range.3 Seater and single chair in Mink, excellent condition. For full details please see Harveys website as sofa is still in the currant range. Retails at å£399 and å£329Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Camper rally air blow up awning with pump. Inflates in seconds.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Domestic and commercial painting and decorating services by Shining GardensThe company aims to satisfy all customers needs by offering different domestic services.Our experienced decorators will meet all your expectations about the quality, accuracy and competency.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.For sale is this TP-Link TD-W8951ND 300Mbps Wireless ADSL Modem Router. I purchased this in January 2014 from Currys (receipt comes with sale) as a replacement to a faulty Sky router. It has served me well over the past month but due to moving house, I sadly no longer require this router.It is in full working order, with no physical blemishes or internal damage. It comes complete with all necessary cables and with a year's guarantee so if it develops a fault then you've got 11 months of cover. Originally purchased last month for å£34.99 so I'm looking for å£25.00.""For speedy, secure, professional wireless Internet performance, embark upon the functional TP-Link TD-W8951ND Wireless ADSL Modem Router.The TP-Link TD-W8951ND Wireless ADSL Modem Router can reach up to a range of 70 metres which enables more reliable connections, much faster speeds, and greater range with Wireless N computers, coupled with two antennas for excellent signal as well as easy-to-setup Internet in the home!By utilising 802.11b/g/n WiFi standards and 300Mbps transfer rate, together with various protocols including DHCP, DHCP relay and Network Address Translation, the TP-Link TD-W8951ND functions superbly and makes connections simple.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.I assemble all makes of Flat Pack furniture. So If you are either unable to or do not have the time, let me assemble your Flat Pack's for you, offering a professional service at competitive rates.Semi-retired and based in Maidstone, assembly visits can be arranged to suit you.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Indesit IDV65 White vented tumble dryer with a 6kg capacity.Features high and low heat settings and reverse-action.Dryer is in superb condition and has just undergone a full service.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Level 2 Award in Emergency First Aid is a one day course suitable for anyone seeking to become an emergency first aider in the workplace or seeking to complete a comprehensive first aid qualification. The course is adapted to suit any particular audience and is in accordance with the Health and Safety (First Aid) Regulations.Course Duration One Day, Minimum of six (6) hours excluding lunch.Course content:To become an Emergency First Aider, the course consists of a mixture of theory and practical sessions.Topics covered within the courses are:Introduction -The Emergency First AiderWhat is First AidEmergency First Aid in the work placeResponsibilities of the First AiderActions in an EmergencyPrimary survey Secondary AssessmentBreathing and Circulation Principles of Resuscitation Disorders of respiration Disorders of Circulation Wounds and Bleeding Disorders of consciousnessForeign objectsBurns and scoldsBones ,joints and muscle injuriesPoisoningIncident ManagementBites and stingsEffects of heat and cold injuriesAsthmaThe qualification will be assessed via the ongoing oral and/or written questioning and demonstration.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Min Kota electric outboard motor. In good condition as it has been little used and then only in fresh water.Comes with three batteries as shown in photographs. The two smaller batteries were acquired as 'reserve' units but have never been used.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.New blue tartan short sleeve girls midi length dress which has a stretchy fabric giving a very comfortable fit.The material is 95% Polyester and 5% Elastane.The sizes available are 7-13 yearsBrand: MinxSleeve Length: Short SleeveMain Colour: Pink Occasion: Casual, PartyMaterial: 95% Polyester, 5% ElastaneImportant: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.One bedroom 1st floor modern purpose built apartment contained within an attractive secure gated private development.Located just a few mins walk to Wood Green tube station/transport hub (20/25 mins City/West End) and Wood Green Main Shopping City itself.The property would ideally suit discerning commuters looking for maintenance free, ready to move home of quality.Property featuresBright and spacious reception roomFitted galley kitchen En-suite bath/shower roomVideo entry- phone accessUPVC double glazing Gas central heatingGood storageClose to amenitiesLift access Chain FreeN.H.B.C House building guaranteeProperty description The Grounds:Well presented gardens and grounds that are maintained by professional gardeners.Main Entrance:The grounds are accessed via electronic gates.Communal Hallway:Energy efficient lights with movement sensors, lift and stairs to upper floors.Entrance Hallway:Contemporary flooring, storage cupboards, radiator, power point.Reception room: - 15'11''x 15'0'' (4.85m x4.57m)Double glazed window to rear, radiator, power points, television point, wooden flooring.Kitchen: - 11'5'' x 8'9'' (3.48m x 2.67m)A lovely fitted kitchen with modern wall and base units, stainless steel sink with drainer unit and mixer tap, stainless steel fitted oven and gas hob, extractor hood, integrated washing machine, plumbing for dishwasher, power points, tiling to walls and stainless steel splash back, tiled flooring, recessed spot lighting, plenty of work space and naturally bright with a double glazed side window.Bathroom: - 10'6"" (3.20m) x 5'7"" (1.70m)White bathroom suite with guest access from the hallway and en-suite access from the bedroom, comprising of panelled bath with mixer tap and shower attachment, pedestal wash hand basin with mixer tap, low level WC, radiator, extractor fan, recessed spot lighting, splash back wall tiling and tiled floor.Bedroom: - 13'6"" (4.11m) x 8'5"" (2.57m)Double glazed window, radiator, power points, television point, fitted carpet, plenty of storage space with the double fitted wardrobes, door to en-suite bathroom.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 143,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Pattern: Music Guitar Microphone Print/StripesMain Colour: PinkMaterial: PolyesterSleeve Length: Long SleeveSeason: Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter, All SeasonsStunning and soft ex-chain Store two pack of baby girl's fleece sleepsuits/all-in-one/romper suits.Sizes available - Newborn, 0-3 months, 2-3 months, 3-6 months, 6-12 months, 12-18 months and 18-23 months. The chain store name has been blacked out to prevent store returns.Machine Washable. 100% Polyester.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Swarland target range currently has 2 lanes, both being 50m, the benchrest is covered by a roof, there is now a 7ft high pellet stop barrier in place. The range has different target boards, spinners, catchers, resettable knockdowns & other kit, a good target course can be laid out.People wanting a bit fun from beginners to advanced are welcome. Zero your sights in & see where your air rifle is shooting at. Hire an air rifle or air pistol for whatever duration you chose inclusive of pellets and targets.We will be forming Northumberlands first Air Rifle & Air Pistol club, NSRA Club Affiliated. Benefits to members etc. Located between Morpeth & Alnwick at Newton-on-the-Moor. å£5 unlimited entry, members å£4 entryPCP charging station facilities, catering, hunting shop, ammo, targets etcPlease note the farm next door to use has the same post code, do not go down a rough track onto a farm, at that farm entrance facing the main road, turn right, we are 300metres up the road on the right handside, gates with ""Dykehead"" wrote on.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.The curtains were purchased 1.5 year ago and placed in a spare room at was used only for occasional visitors. No stains, no damages, in perfect 'came-out-of the shop' condition. Would need to be dry-cleaned to refresh them. Size 117cmx229cm (46''x90''). Paid å£100.The lamp is also in very good condition; don't remember where I bought it.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.The detachable play panel can also be fastened to strollers which have bumper barsMulti-activity play panel to develop visual, hearing and hand coordination skills, also ideal for developing motor and audio skillsNon-slip stopper brakes which comply with current European safety standardsThe play panel has sounds and lights that flash to the rhythm of the musicWhen closed, it takes up very little spaceThe seat can be adjusted in heightRequires 2 x AA batteriesImportant: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.This holiday home is free all we ask is for the site fees, rates and safety tests paid for upfront and this great 8 berth holiday home is yours, FREE OF CHARGE.With this fantastic opportunity you have a one year licence given to you. If you like it here at Sheerness then within this one year licence you must upgrade. But if you feel that the holiday home lifestyle is not for you then you can hand us back the keys at the end of the agreement with no trouble at all. It is simple, straight forward and a great opportunity that should not be missed.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.This unit is solid wood and in a brand new condition unmarked. It has a small drawer in and is Hight 35inchImportant: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Used but in good condition. Perfect for newborn if limited bedroom space.Convenient crib sized cot perfect for keeping new born close by For use from birth to approx. 9 monthsUltra light travel cot, 20% smaller than full size travel bedsQuick and easy to set up and put awayRaised bassinet provides the perfect sleeping environment for new bornsRemovable canopy/sunshade Carrybag included7 feet for perfect stabilityFull size bassinet for smaller babiesFour mesh sides for visibilityCanopyUltra light travel cot, 20% smaller than a traditional bedQuick, easy umbrella set upEasy to transport Carry bag includedRaised Bassinet for smaller babies is suitable from birth to 6.5 kg/ 3 months or until baby can push up on hands and knees!The raised bassinet should not be used once the child can sit up, kneel or pull itself upDimensions(Approx)Weight 8 kg Length 81 cmImportant: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.Very good and clean condition Originally bought from John Lewis.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.We are moving out of our place and there is no room for 1 year old grey and black corner sofa in our new place.It's in perfect conditions!!Please, ask any questions and I will come back to you soon.We need this out of our place by the 5th of March 2014.If interested in other dinning room furniture, check out my other adds.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.We are moving out of our place and there is no room for this nice classic dinning table and 5 chairs in our new place.There are minor tear and wear scratches in the dinning table, but nothing major.It served us well.Please, ask any questions and I will come back to you soon.We need this out of our place by the 5th of March 2014.If interested in other dinning room furniture, check out my other adds.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.we got this for our son for his birthday last july, selling because it scares him when it moves, it think when we bought it , it was my husband that liked it lol.....it is easy for the child to move, and it has an MP3 port so the child can have their own music. it also has a seat belt too. comes with charger.only been used 2 or 3 times. not very fast as for ages aprox 3-6looking for quick sale to make more roomImportant: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buyingadvice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.  Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.We Tidy Graves will transform your loved ones grave with care and attention..replacing stones and clearing away weeds and debris leaving the grave and surround in immaculate condition. Badly stained surrounds can be cleaned and headstone lettering re-painted if it has become faded.Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If possible, consider using an Escrow service such as Paypal for buying items.When: Sat 22nd March 10-12.30Where: Hatherleigh Community Centre, Bowling Green Lane, Hatherleigh, Okehampton Devon EX20 3HBLOTS OF stalls selling excellent quality nearly new baby & children's items from birth to 8 yrs plus a small selection of unique businesses in the baby & children's industry showcasing and selling their products & services all under one roof!Venue: All Baby & Children's Markets are held in quality INDOOR venues.Refreshments: Tea/coffee,cold drinks and biscuits/cake available to buyBusiness's Attending: To be confirmed Special Features: Details coming soon!ATM: There is no ATM at this venue ( one in town centre), so please come prepared with lots of cash!Important: Freeads Classifieds advises you not to part with money until you have verified the authenticity of the goods or met the buyer directly. For more advice on safer online buying advice and disclaimer and read about current known scams. We also suggest using an escrow service.Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads Classifieds private response service -Calls to private sellers are routed through the Freeads ClassifiedsAbout FreeadsFreeads is the largest independent classified site with over 142,000 adverts currently online in the UK. Recent Free Ads in the UK"
not relevant	" If seller agreed to refund upon return, ship it back to seller using DELIVERY CONFIRMATION/TRACKING if item is under $250. If over $250, purchase Signature Confirmation . Return shipping is the buyer's nickel. However some sellers whose items are not as described will refund the buyer for the return postage. You can ask seller to do so but be aware eBay does not require this of a seller. Yes, you will receive a refund to your PayPal account. If seller should balk about refunding (and it doesn't sound like that will occur) you can file a case in the Resolution Center within the timeframe: http://pages.ebay.com/help/buy/protection-programs .html In a refund case, I am protected if I return the i..."
not relevant	" Infoties is providing Clinical SAS online training with real time faculties.FaridabadIndustrial Automation Traning in delhi with 100% PlacementChennaibig data - hadoop training Chennai ,global knowledge (March 8 Classr...Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" IPUS: We have fixed the payout problem by contracting with a new processing service called Anony-Pay.  Anony-Pay will take and make payments via ALL of the following methods - PayPal, Payeer, Payza, EgoPay. OKPay, SolidTrustPay, Netteller, iPayment (Global eWallet), Payoneer, Skrill, Perfect Money, Web Money, MoneyGram, Western Union, GreenDot, Paxum, ePayments, cash, check, credit card, money-order and bank wire.  They ask that you please make suggestions for any other processors not on the list. Qualcuno conosce questo anonyPay?  IPUS: We have fixed the payout problem by contracting with a new processing service called Anony-Pay.  Anony-Pay will take and make payments via ALL of the following methods - PayPal, Payeer, Payza, EgoPay. OKPay, SolidTrustPay, Netteller, iPayment (Global eWallet), Payoneer, Skrill, Perfect Money, Web Money, MoneyGram, Western Union, GreenDot, Paxum, ePayments, cash, check, credit card, money-order and bank wire.  They ask that you please make suggestions for any other processors not on the list. Qualcuno conosce questo anonyPay? "
Negative	 Is anyone else's eBay playing up today? Won't connect to PayPal today :/
not relevant	" Item Description: As the title says this is for a used Blackberry Q10 Unlocked **White**/Accessories Price: $450 or Best Offer Carrier: Unlocked, this is the SQN 100-1 Model currently being used on AT&T Condition: Used. This unit is in Good condition, never dropped. It does has some scuffs on the Silver Bezel (refer to photos) I think it's from the Otterbox Case that I sometimes put it in. Other than that it has a screen protector so theres no scratches on the screen. Includes: Orginal Box (No Headset), all the cases shown in the photos. 1 Otterbox Defender case, Tuffluv leather wallet case, Leather Swivel Holster, Battery Charging Bundle (only used a few times) Item Location: Florida Shipping Details: I will cover Priority Shipping Payment Options: PayPal as a gift Additional Info: You get what you see. I'm not selling because i have to, I have a Z10 that i've decided to stick with because i like the screen real estate. Also want to include this is running the latest leak Contact Info: Please PM or Post Below (Do not post your email) WTS: White Blackberry Q10 (Unlocked)"
not relevant	" Its been Pleasure to invite you for our Township Gated Community Project @ Avadi Adjacent to World class Institute Vel Tech Engg & Medical College.Gated Community Project9 Acres of Club House filled with amenites like childrensPark, world class gym, swimming pool, and health club24/7 Secuirty system,The Elegant wide roads offer you the ultimate cosmopositan lifestyleWater and EB Facilities are Exists.Proposed for Modern Luxurious Villas in the site. Location Advantages :1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.KolkattaTownship Project 5mins from Railway Station.KolkattaBook your Township near Vel tech and Medical College (Avadi)Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Its been Pleasure to invite you for our Township Gated Community Project @ Avadi Adjacent to World class Institute Vel Tech Engg & Medical College.Gated Community Project9 Acres of Club House filled with amenites like childrensPark, world class gym, swimming pool, and health club24/7 Secuirty system,The Elegant wide roads offer you the ultimate cosmopositan lifestyleWater and EB Facilities are Exists.Proposed for Modern Luxurious Villas in the site. Location Advantages :1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.KolkataProperty Plot for sale Near Vel tech collegeKolkataTownship Gated Community Project @ AvadiAvoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Join Date Nov 2013LocationKuala Lumpur, MalaysiaFS : Magrette Moana Pacific Profesisonal ROSE GOLDI have here my 1st micro brand purchase, a Magrette, in October 2013. It comes in the Rose Gold flavour which I find extremely unique. Am looking at a new watch piece in the next few months, so would like to raise fund for it. Watch condition is very good, no scratches/dings/broken anything on case or sapphire crystal. Rated condition at 8.5/10. Rarely worn because have 6 pieces in rotation. Safety clear sticker on case back still there.  Only worn the signed black rubber strap. Have not fitted/used the paid black leather (USD35 extra).  [Note : Watch was sent back to New Zealand for bezel replacement, as noted in the review. Was without the watch for 1.5 months]Asking price : USD470.00 (New at USD630.00)Payment : Paypal (Split fees), with confirmed address.Package : Original box and papers. Additional leather strap (original NEW)  Accessories : Rubber w/deployment buckle (Rose gold) & leather strap w/black stitching (unused) CRYSTAL: SAPPHIRE (DOUBLE DOMED), AR COATING. PRESSURE VALVE: FUNCTIONAL PRESSURE ESCAPE VALVEYou may not post new threadsYoumay not post repliesYou may notpost attachmentsYou may not edit your postsAll times are GMT +2. The time now is 10:57 Watchuseek B.V. å© - All other brands, trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners - All rights reserved Watchuseek, The Most Visited Watch Forum Site ... In The World."
spam	" Join Date: Aug 2010 Location: Kuala Lumpur, MalasiyaShinjiru ?Started in 2000, Shinjiru is one of the oldest and most experienced company in the market.Shinjiru is the only offshore web hosting provider that has ISO 9001:2008 quality assurance level, multiple awards and recognitions.Shinjiru has been ranked in the list of Deloitte's 500 fastest growing companies in Asia.Shinjiru is Microsoft's Certified Partner, Parallel's Gold Partner, cPanel NOC Reseller and R1soft Gold Partner.Shinjiru operates in 6 data centers worldwide giving you the widest network choices for your business in the offshore internet.Shinjiru accepts multiple payment methods - Visa / Debit Card, PayPal, Payza, Skrill, Liberty Reserve, Western Union & Bank Wire.Shinjiru's Command Center operates 24/7 with support engineers responding immediately to any customer request.Coupons & Promotions:Put ""WHT-VPS20-OFF"" and get instant $20 discount on 1st invoiceWhat's Special?Virtuozzo/Hyper-V6 Offshore locations to choose from24x7 Email, Ticketing Support24/7/365 Host Ping and TCP Service Monitoring30 days Money Back GuaranteeFreebies:FREE SetupFREE 1 Dedicated IPFREE Firewall ProtectionFREE USD299 worth Smartertools (for Windows only)I was a customer of Shinjiru for 1 year plus since 2009 (being a shared hosting and a short while of VPS user), they are in fact good. I left them due to the different needs I have. If I were to leave current hosting provider (despite having my specific needs), I will definitely go back to Shinjiru Shinjiru is the second biggest hosting provider in Malaysia if I am not wrong, they are reliable and have a good pricing. Worth trying them. I used Shinjiru for some Asian customers a few years back and was pretty happy with them overall.Space: 20 GB RAM: 1 GB Bandwidth: 250 GB CPU: 600 MHzWith $20 OFF Coupon Order Now)==================================Space: 50 GB RAM: 2 GB Bandwidth: 500 GB CPU: 900 MHzWith $20 OFF Coupon Order Now)==================================  ==================================Space: 70 GB RAM: 3 GB Bandwidth: 1000 GB CPU: Order Now)==================================Space: 100 GB RAM: 4 GBBandwidth:Space: 30 GB RAM: 1 GB Bandwidth: 250 GBvCPU: 1With $20 OFF Coupon Order Now)==================================Space: 50 GB RAM: 1.5 GB Bandwidth: 500 GBvCPU: 1With $20 OFF Coupon Order Now)==================================  ==================================Space: 70 GB RAM: 2 GB Bandwidth: 1000 GBvCPU: 2With $20 OFF CouponMonthly: Order Now)==================================Space: 100 GB RAM: 2.5 GB Bandwidth: 1500 GBvCPU: 2With $20 OFF Coupon Order Now)VPS Control Panel Addons Plesk 10 Domains: $6/m Plesk 30 Domains: $13/m Plesk 100 Domains: $20/m Plesk Unlimited Domain: $33/m cPanel Unlimited Domains: $10/mVPS Other AddonsAdditional IP address: $3/m Managed Backup Service: $30/mVIP Managed VPS: $55/m $33/mPlesk Antivirus: $75/m Plesk Powerpack: $35/mVIP Managed VPS AddonNetwork analysis serviceWebsite or forum problem analysis MySQL and Apache tuning serviceControl panel basic guidanceServer management consultation3rd party software installationSecure FTP and SSH Client basic guidanceSecurity Update and Patchinghttp://support.shinjiru.com/For cPanel VPS will need a 24-hour timeline to be activated after payment confirmed.13th Anniversary. Premium Offshore Web Hosting Provider.Please be aware that every offer has limits beyond what is displayed in the thread. You should visit the site advertising and read any Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policy they have in place. If you can't find answers on how they measure what you're purchasing, ask. If the offer or request doesn't regard some type of hosting, you still need to research beyond what's printed in the ad.Research any provider to know what limits are in place, especially with any offer concerning disk space and/or bandwidth. These are generally defined in the TOS or AUP.Read provider reviews. If you find no reviews, create a thread and ask for others' first-hand experience with the provider.Dimension Data Adds Four New Cloud Locations Including Sao Paulo  Offshore Service Providers Need to Invest in Cloud to Succeed: Gartner  StormVZ Expands Web Hosting, VPS to Three Data Centers Locations  Web Hosting Company Host Virtual Expands to 6 US Cloud Locations  You may not post new threadsYoumay not post repliesYou may notReadySpace Taps Bulletin for Application-to-Mobile Text Messaging Suite ePages Provides E-Commerce for 1&1 Customers, Bringing Number of Supported Shops to 120,000 Microsoft Launches ExpressRoute to Provide Fast and Secure Hybrid Cloud ConnectionsCreate your username to jump into the discussion! Web Hosting Talk"
spam	" Join Date: Aug 2010 Location: Kuala Lumpur, MalasiyaShinjiru ?Started in 2000, Shinjiru is one of the oldest and most experienced company in the market.Shinjiru is the only offshore web hosting provider that has ISO 9001:2008 quality assurance level, multiple awards and recognitions.Shinjiru has been ranked in the list of Deloitte's 500 fastest growing companies in Asia.Shinjiru is Microsoft's Certified Partner, Parallel's Gold Partner, cPanel NOC Reseller and R1soft Gold Partner.Shinjiru operates in 6 data centers worldwide giving you the widest network choices for your business in the offshore internet.Shinjiru accepts multiple payment methods - Visa / Debit Card, PayPal, Payza, Skrill, Liberty Reserve, Western Union & Bank Wire.Shinjiru's Command Center operates 24/7 with support engineers responding immediately to any customer request.Coupons & Promotions:Put ""WHT-DS50-OFF"" in Promo Code and get $50 discount on first invoiceI was a customer of Shinjiru for 1 year plus since 2009 (being a shared hosting and a short while of VPS user), they are in fact good. I left them due to the different needs I have. If I were to leave current hosting provider (despite having my specific needs), I will definitely go back to Shinjiru Shinjiru is the second biggest hosting provider in Malaysia if I am not wrong, they are reliable and have a good pricing. Worth trying them. I used Shinjiru for some Asian customers a few years back and was pretty happy with them overall.Shinjiru is among the biggest hosting provider in Malaysia, many small medium business, reseller, used their services...RAM: 2GB HDD: 500GB Bandwidth: 1000GBPrice (monthly): $75/mPrice (yearly): Standard Server==================================RAM: 8GBHDD: 2 x 500GBBandwidth: 1000GBPrice (monthly): $159/mPrice (yearly): Professional Server==================================RAM: 16GBHDD: 2 x 1000GBBandwidth: 10 TB Price (monthly): $320/mPrice (yearly): Enterprise Server==================================RAM: 64GBHDD: 4 x 300GB (SAS)Bandwidth: 10 TB Price (monthly): $550/mPrice (yearly): $484/m (12% discount! )==================================Don't miss these!==================================  VIP Managed Services: Bronze, Silver, Gold & Platinum Support packages are available.  Server OS: CentOS, Fedora Core, Ubunto, Debian, FreeBSD and SUSE.==================================NOTE==================================Each server comes packed with at least one dedicated IP addresses.A $50 setup fee is associated with every dedicated server.13th Anniversary. Premium Offshore Web Hosting Provider.Please be aware that every offer has limits beyond what is displayed in the thread. You should visit the site advertising and read any Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policy they have in place. If you can't find answers on how they measure what you're purchasing, ask. If the offer or request doesn't regard some type of hosting, you still need to research beyond what's printed in the ad.Research any provider to know what limits are in place, especially with any offer concerning disk space and/or bandwidth. These are generally defined in the TOS or AUP.Read provider reviews. If you find no reviews, create a thread and ask for others' first-hand experience with the provider.You may not post new threadsYoumay not post repliesYou may notReadySpace Taps Bulletin for Application-to-Mobile Text Messaging Suite ePages Provides E-Commerce for 1&1 Customers, Bringing Number of Supported Shops to 120,000 Microsoft Launches ExpressRoute to Provide Fast and Secure Hybrid Cloud ConnectionsCreate your username to jump into the discussion! Web Hosting Talk"
spam	" JoneSolutions.Com now offers only the fastest none oversold KVM VPS. All our KVM VPS are Fully Managed with cPanel/WHM and Softaculous already. Setup time is within 24 hours. We can guarantee that you will get the speed of your read and write data, fast cpu processing and fast memory access. All our VHN are running the latest and fastest CPU from Dual Intel Xeon E5-2620 onwards with Hardware Raid10 in place. NOTE: Spamming, IRC, Child Pornography, Illegal Adults and Software Piracy are strictly not allowed. Please read our TOS: www.jonesolutions.com/terms.html IOPing Results: Dallas location from one of our clients' vps: --- / (ext3 /dev/root) ioping statistics --- 38.2 k requests completed in 3.0 s, 13.5 k iops, 52.8 MiB/s min/avg/max/mdev = 1 us / 74 us / 1.4 ms / 19 us LA location from one of our clients' vps: --- / (ext4 /dev/vda1) ioping statistics --- 63.0 k requests completed in 3.0 s, 22.1 k iops, 86.2 MiB/s min/avg/max/mdev = 34 us / 45 us / 35.6 ms / 144 us PROMO This Week: +2GB ram on any packages ( WOW? ) Available Locations: Dallas, TX and Los Angeles, CA with Asia Optimized IP NOTE: Default location during setup is Dallas, TX so you need to put it in request form if you want the LA location. Our packages: Starter VPS - 1 ""dedicated"" Core 100GB Raid10 Storage 2048MB Guaranteed Ram Bandwidth: 1000 GB per month on a 100Mbps Port Speed IP Addresses: 2 SolusVM Control Panel ( Ability to reload os, reboot, shutdown, etc... ) OS - CentOS 6.x 64bit with cPanel/WHM and Softaculous Fully Managed Included ( Please see http://jonesolutions.com/fdetails.html ) $39.95/month | No Setup Fee --> Sign Up Here Fast VPS - 2 ""dedicated"" Cores 200GB Raid10 Storage 4096MB Guaranteed Ram Bandwidth: 2000 GB per month on a 100Mbps Port Speed IP Addresses: 2 SolusVM Control Panel ( Ability to reload os, reboot, shutdown, etc... ) OS - CentOS 6.x 64bit with cPanel/WHM and Softaculous Fully Managed Included ( Please see http://jonesolutions.com/fdetails.html ) $59.95/month | No Setup Fee --> Sign Up Here Faster VPS - 4 ""dedicated"" Cores 400GB Raid10 Storage 6144MB Guaranteed Ram Bandwidth: 4000 GB per month on a 100Mbps Port Speed IP Addresses: 2 SolusVM Control Panel ( Ability to reload os, reboot, shutdown, etc... ) OS - CentOS 6.x 64bit with cPanel/WHM and Softaculous Fully Managed Included ( Please see http://jonesolutions.com/fdetails.html ) $89.95/month | No Setup Fee --> Sign Up Here Fastest VPS - 6 ""dedicated"" Cores 600GB Raid10 Storage 8192MB Guaranteed Ram Bandwidth: 6000 GB per month on a 100Mbps Port Speed IP Addresses: 2 SolusVM Control Panel ( Ability to reload os, reboot, shutdown, etc... ) OS - CentOS 6.x 64bit with cPanel/WHM and Softaculous Fully Managed Included ( Please see http://jonesolutions.com/fdetails.html ) $119.95/month | No Setup Fee --> Sign Up Here If you have any questions, please email sales@jonesolutions.com or chat with us live. Some Testimonials About Our Services: http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...05&postcount=1 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...07&postcount=3 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...49&postcount=5 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...53&postcount=6 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...5&postcount=16 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...79&postcount=4 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...42&postcount=8 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...1&postcount=16 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...0&postcount=35 http://xenforo.com/community/threads...9/#post-200451 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...75&postcount=1 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...0&postcount=15 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...4&postcount=22 http://www.vbseo.com/f4/good-web-hos...tml#post252175 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...4&postcount=11 http://forums.cpanel.net/596921-post12.html http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...4&postcount=11 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...6&postcount=15 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...63&postcount=7 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...74&postcount=6 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...97&postcount=1 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...60&postcount=1 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...4&postcount=15 http://www.vbulletin.org/forum/showp...7&postcount=12 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpost.php?p=4496870 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpost.php?p=4495732 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...82&postcount=4 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...71&postcount=7 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...31&postcount=3 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...7&postcount=21 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...8&postcount=10 http://webhostingtalk.com/showpost.p...04&postcount=2 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...45&postcount=2 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...66&postcount=3 http://www.webhostingtalk.com/showpo...66&postcount=4 http://webhostingtalk.com/showpost.p...29&postcount=1 http://webhostingtalk.com/showpost.p...91&postcount=5 Why choose us? 1. We've been in the business since December 2001 and still growing. We have already proven it for 12 years now. 2. We focus on our expertise and we know we are good at it. 3. We have with us a topnotch support team guaranteed to provide you solutions on your support concerns. 4. Your data are safe with us. We protect it with our own server management expertise. 5. We mean what we advertised - 99.9% network uptime guarantee. 6. All our servers are monitored via www.monitormybox.com 24/7 and it will notify us if it is down. 7. Your transaction is safe with us. When it comes to billing, we use payment processors which are very secure (e.g. 2checkout and paypal). We never keep your credit card details and we respect your privacy. 8. There are other great reasons to join us, but best of all, as our valued client, we are here to support you all the way because your business is important to us. [KVM - Dallas & LA Locations] cPanel Fully Managed VPS - CPU/Ram/Speed Guaranteed"
not relevant	" Large Chris Reeve Insingo with micarta inlays and double lugs ADVERTISEMENT I have a lightly used Large Chris Reeve Insingo with double lugs, and factory installed clip insert. Solid lock up, no blade play. The blade is minty, but a few carry marks on the handle. I would call it 97-98%. Includes box, paperwork, cloth, and additional clip and screw that was in the package since the insert was installed. Price: SOLD shipped in the US (add 3% for paypal fees) If shipped outside the US, buyer pays for insurance and actual shipping charges. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Dan Last edited by DBH; Yesterday at 07:27 PM . Reason: item sold Dan Huff WTB Large Annual sebenzas WTB Large regular stars and stripes WTB Large regular pheasant tail Large Chris Reeve Insingo with micarta inlays and double lugs"
not relevant	" Less than a year old and in perfect condition, both mechanically and cosmetically. Only selling due to upgrading, an upgrade in which I am still hesitant about* Schiit Mjolnir Headphone Amp ($749)* Schiit Gungnir DAC with USB2 upgrade ($849)* Schiit Pyst Balanced XLR Interconnects ($40)Total for this package if purchased new is $1638 before tax and shipping costs.Will ship with all the original packaging and documentation.Price includes shipping, paypal payment as gift or add paypal fee. Local pickup in the Los Angeles area is welcomed.""Neutrality, Clarity, Resolution, Build like a rock, Handsome""M2 Tech HiFace Two Hi-End S/SPDIF Output Interface with BNC connector Head-Fi: Covering Headphones, Earphones and Portable Audio"
not relevant	" Like new tubes are not even fully burned in yet, it is a lot of amp for the price and is an incredible value.Reviewed here by a well trusted head-fi memberhttp://www.head-fi.org/t/553325/review-musical-paradise-mp-301-mk2-vacuum-tube-integrated-amp""The MP 301 Mk2 is a stone cold bargain, and a fine little amp.""Price includes shipping within the US, payment as gift or add paypal fee.More from This Seller (Click to show less) 123 Posts. Joined 7/2011Location: Los AngelesQuote:Originally Posted by azynneo 800 Posts. Joined 5/2011Location: CaliforniaSennheiser Audiophile HD 650 Stereo Headphone (Wired - 300 Ohm - 10 Hz 39.50 kHz - Gold Plated - Binaural - 9.84 ft Cable)  ‹ÛÎOfficial‹Û?Asian Anime, Manga, and Music Lounge  beyerdynamic T5p: Photos and first impressions. Head-Fi: Covering Headphones, Earphones and Portable Audio"
not relevant	" Located in 4900MM 4 LAYER UNIVERSAL WATERPROOF CAR COVER+MIRROR POCKET W/LIFE WARRANTY TB2 CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE PRICE [img][/img] CLICK HERE FOR MORE PICTURES tl APPLICATION : Universal Fit For Mid-Size Coupe / Sedan / Hatchback Car (Usually Length Of Car Not Exceeding More Than 4800mm) STYLE : Premium 4 Layers Waterproof Car Cover COLOR : N/A FEATURE : Size Measurement: X Large ( 4900MM ), Made Of 100% Waterproof & Breathable Material , Comes With Lifetime Warranty  100% Brand New In Stock, Item Exactly As The Picture Shown  Waterproof , Durable Layers Offering Ultra Protection From All Of The Elements  Safe To Use In All Types Of Weather Conditions  UV Resistant Material For Maximum Sun And Heat Protection  Protects Against Extreme Condition Of Rain, Snow And Heat  Prevents Damage From Acid Rain, Dust, Smog, Tree Sap, Bird Dropping & Pollutants  Soft Cushion Fabric To Protect Your Vehicle's Exterior Finish  Breathable Fabric Avoid Heat & Moisture Exist  Double Stitched Seams For Cover Durability  Elastic Bottom Hems To Provide A Secure & Tight Fit  Comes With Mirror Pockets, Easy Installation  Please Go Check Out Our Ebay Store For More Additional Hot Items **We Have Different Sizes Of the Covers For All The Customers To Choose. Please Check & Ensure This Is The Correct Size To Fit Your Vehicle Before You Place The Bid. ZONE SHIPPING SERVICE PRICE TRANSIT TIME ( BUSINESS DAYS ) EXCLUDE PROCESSING TIME U.S 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES UPS / Fedex Ground $ 0 1-7 Days With Tracking U.S 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES FedEx 2Day $ 20 1-3 Days With Tracking CANADA UPS Standard To Canada $ 22 5-10 Days With Tracking Depends On Weight ALASKA & HAWAII FedEx 2Day $ 20 1-3 Days With Tracking INTERNATIONAL (U.K, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA ONLY) Not Avaliable $ Not Avaliable Not Avaliable  There will be 9.75% sales tax on the Total sales price With Shipping Cost for California buyers.  "" Free Shipping "" services, if offer, is for US lower 48 states buyers only. Alaska & Hawaii will have a different Shipping rate.  We only ship to Paypal confirmed address as this is recommended for both buyer and seller protection.  Most of the orders will be shipped out from our main warehouse CA 91789 within 24-48 hours after payment is cleared. The transit time is provided by the shipping carrier based upon the item is picked up.  Additional shipping charge will be applied to reship for incorrect address entered by the buyer at checkout.  We DO NOT ship to PO Box , APO, FPO, Puerto Rico , Virgin Islands, Guam , American Samoa , Minor Outlying Islands , Northern Mariana Islands.  International & Canada buyers are responsible for any possible brokerage/custom fee. Please consult with your local post office or authority for details.  All International countries except CANADA. If Buyer can't find their country shipping rate in the ebay shipping info, We apologize that we couldn't process the shipment to those countries which are not listed.  Alaska & Hawaii Buyers Attention: Please only choose the correct shipping method that shown on the shipping table for ALASKA & HAWAII at the Ebay checkout to complete the transactions. It is the only shipping method that we provide for customers on U.S. territories outside the lower 48 states. Wrong shipping method selected will put the order on hold for insufficient shipping fee paid. There are shipping size limitation on certain items such as body parts that we are not be able to ship to AK/HI. Please feel free to contact us prior to bidding.  We do provide combined shipping discount, Buyer would receive a 10% shipping fee discount after the highest shipping fee is paid full. For example, if shipping fee on first item is $20, shipping fee on the second item is $10. Then the total shipping fee would be $20+ 0.9 x $10 = $29 for the combined shipping fee etc. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS PRODUCT, CLICK HERE TO BID OR TO BUY IT NOW 4900mm 4 layer universal waterproof car cover+mirror pocket w/life warranty tb2 - 2014 Infiniti Q50 Forum"
not relevant	" Located in 4900MM 4 LAYER UNIVERSAL WATERPROOF CAR COVER+MIRROR POCKET W/LIFE WARRANTY TB2 tl APPLICATION : Universal Fit For Mid-Size Coupe / Sedan / Hatchback Car (Usually Length Of Car Not Exceeding More Than 4800mm) STYLE : Premium 4 Layers Waterproof Car Cover COLOR : N/A FEATURE : Size Measurement: X Large ( 4900MM ), Made Of 100% Waterproof & Breathable Material , Comes With Lifetime Warranty  100% Brand New In Stock, Item Exactly As The Picture Shown  Waterproof , Durable Layers Offering Ultra Protection From All Of The Elements  Safe To Use In All Types Of Weather Conditions  UV Resistant Material For Maximum Sun And Heat Protection  Protects Against Extreme Condition Of Rain, Snow And Heat  Prevents Damage From Acid Rain, Dust, Smog, Tree Sap, Bird Dropping & Pollutants  Soft Cushion Fabric To Protect Your Vehicle's Exterior Finish  Breathable Fabric Avoid Heat & Moisture Exist  Double Stitched Seams For Cover Durability  Elastic Bottom Hems To Provide A Secure & Tight Fit  Comes With Mirror Pockets, Easy Installation  Please Go Check Out Our Ebay Store For More Additional Hot Items **We Have Different Sizes Of the Covers For All The Customers To Choose. Please Check & Ensure This Is The Correct Size To Fit Your Vehicle Before You Place The Bid. ZONE SHIPPING SERVICE PRICE TRANSIT TIME ( BUSINESS DAYS ) EXCLUDE PROCESSING TIME U.S 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES UPS / Fedex Ground $ 0 1-7 Days With Tracking U.S 48 CONTIGUOUS STATES FedEx 2Day $ 20 1-3 Days With Tracking CANADA UPS Standard To Canada $ 22 5-10 Days With Tracking Depends On Weight ALASKA & HAWAII FedEx 2Day $ 20 1-3 Days With Tracking INTERNATIONAL (U.K, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA ONLY) Not Avaliable $ Not Avaliable Not Avaliable  There will be 9.75% sales tax on the Total sales price With Shipping Cost for California buyers.  "" Free Shipping "" services, if offer, is for US lower 48 states buyers only. Alaska & Hawaii will have a different Shipping rate.  We only ship to Paypal confirmed address as this is recommended for both buyer and seller protection. Most of the orders will be shipped out from our main warehouse CA 91789 within 24-48 hours after payment is cleared. The transit time is provided by the shipping carrier based upon the item is picked up.  Additional shipping charge will be applied to reship for incorrect address entered by the buyer at checkout.  We DO NOT ship to PO Box , APO, FPO, Puerto Rico , Virgin Islands, Guam , American Samoa , Minor Outlying Islands , Northern Mariana Islands.  International & Canada buyers are responsible for any possible brokerage/custom fee. Please consult with your local post office or authority for details.  All International countries except CANADA. If Buyer can't find their country shipping rate in the ebay shipping info, We apologize that we couldn't process the shipment to those countries which are not listed.  Alaska & Hawaii Buyers Attention: Please only choose the correct shipping method that shown on the shipping table for ALASKA & HAWAII at the Ebay checkout to complete the transactions. It is the only shipping method that we provide for customers on U.S. territories outside the lower 48 states. Wrong shipping method selected will put the order on hold for insufficient shipping fee paid. There are shipping size limitation on certain items such as body parts that we are not be able to ship to AK/HI. Please feel free to contact us prior to bidding.  We do provide combined shipping discount, Buyer would receive a 10% shipping fee discount after the highest shipping fee is paid full. For example, if shipping fee on first item is $20, shipping fee on the second item is $10. Then the total shipping fee would be $20+ 0.9 x $10 = $29 for the combined shipping fee etc. 4900mm 4 layer universal waterproof car cover+mirror pocket w/life warranty tb2"
spam	 LOL! & offering!RT @Cheep_keef: ‰ÛÏ@kboogie01: Streaming live #church #ThePottersHouse‰Û?// u gotta paypal ya tithes. Ain't no getting out of it
not relevant	" Lots for sale- Kyosho Ferrari's, Green Machines, M2 Chases, White Lightning, Hot Wheels RLC, etc. Hello, I've got a bunch of stuff from my trade box that I'm putting up for sale to fund a 1/18. First time posting with Panjo, so I hope everything turns out right. Please reply directly to the thread with your wants and I will then send you a PM to work out payment and shipping details. Items will be shipped within three days of payment. Payment by Paypal, money order, cashier's check or personal check. All items will be shipped by USPS Priority mail only. I only ship Priority because it is easier to do online, plus is tracked and insured. Shipping will be a flat $6 for any or all 1/64 cars no matter how many you buy, flat $10 for any or all 1/18 or combo of 1/64 and 1/18. Free shipping for any order over $50. I will ship internationally, but will only ship by Priority mail WITH insurance at actual cost, so it will be very expensive (minimum $25, likely more). I would consider trades only for Kyosho/ Autoart/ Minichamps/ CMs or other such international brands only. Now on to prices: All Kyosho's, $13 each All Green Machines and White Lightning, $7 each M2 Chases, $6 each, regular M2, $4 Auto World, $5 HW RLC Gulf Porsche, $17 1/18 Lamborghini and Mustang, $10 each 1/18 Ferrari, $15 HW Retro F&F Challenger, $5 MB FJ40's (I have two), $8 each HW Exotics, 4 car set, sold as set only, $6 HW Japanese, 4 car set, sold as set only, $4 HW Skyline Dropstars 4 car set, all three colors, plus color variation on grey, $25 Please let me know if you have any questions, and again, please post your wants directly to the thread. Thanks. Ben List Date: 2/23/2014 For more info, click here to view the original listing: Lots for sale- Kyosho Ferrari's, Green Machines, M2 Chases, White Lightning, Hot Wheels RLC, etc. On Sale For: $100 + $0 Shipping Lots for sale- Kyosho Ferrari's, Green Machines, M2 Chases, White Lightning, Hot Wheels RLC, etc."
Negative	" Man, your method was doomed. Strongvpn is not recommended. User account per ebay/paypal account with cookies is the aspkin way to go. Transferring funds as you did made even more flags. Result: linked and suspension. Sorry. Doing your own method caused this. Could have been avoided. SHOULD be avoided for next time All Stealth Accounts Linked"
Negative	" Member Guide:  How do I promote my referral link? Promote your referral link on forums, blogs, comments, chat rooms, chats, facebook wall, facebook pages, groups, twitter, ptc sites, advertising websites to get link visits and earn money on every visit you sent through your link  When will I get paid? The minimum balance required for payout is 300$ and you can get paid through PayPal, Cheque, Western Union, Money Gram, bank transfer at end of every month.  How much can I earn? You can earn without any limits, it depends solely on your efforts and how much you work to promote your link. Many of our top members are earning more then 200$ per day and 5,000$+ per month  This can't be real. Are you giving free money? No, we are not giving away free money. We are paying you in order to generate traffic to our advertiser's websites. We will get paid from our advertisers for the traffic we bring to them and paid commission to you people.  Anti-Cheat Please note that we have a strong anti-cheat system, so do not bother sending fake traffic. You will get credited about it, but eventually you will not get paid and your account will get banned. Only send real people from real pages.  Note: Please note that if you have not logged in to your account for more than 30 days, all your earnings will be lost.  Member Guide:  How do I promote my referral link? Promote your referral link on forums, blogs, comments, chat rooms, chats, facebook wall, facebook pages, groups, twitter, ptc sites, advertising websites to get link visits and earn money on every visit you sent through your link  When will I get paid? The minimum balance required for payout is 300$ and you can get paid through PayPal, Cheque, Western Union, Money Gram, bank transfer at end of every month.  How much can I earn? You can earn without any limits, it depends solely on your efforts and how much you work to promote your link. Many of our top members are earning more then 200$ per day and 5,000$+ per month  This can't be real. Are you giving free money? No, we are not giving away free money. We are paying you in order to generate traffic to our advertiser's websites. We will get paid from our advertisers for the traffic we bring to them and paid commission to you people.  Anti-Cheat Please note that we have a strong anti-cheat system, so do not bother sending fake traffic. You will get credited about it, but eventually you will not get paid and your account will get banned. Only send real people from real pages.  Note: Please note that if you have not logged in to your account for more than 30 days, all your earnings will be lost. "
not relevant	" Money going to @RememberBetty .... if interested ,here's my Paypal account : nadege.wojewoda@orange.fr..... thank you #teambettyfrance"
not relevant	" Mook - 1095 and dark Burgundy Canvas Micarta ADVERTISEMENT ""Mook"" - SOLD 1/8"" 1095 high carbon steel 58-59 RC 8"" overall length 3-3/4"" blade tip to scales 1-5/16"" wide flat grind Polished convex edge - sharp Hand Finished to 400 grit with a dark acid patina jimping on spine Beautiful dark burgundy canvas micarta handle contoured nicely for a good hand feel scales are attached with stainless standoffs and flat head hex machine screws $125 with kydex sheath specify sheath color - Black, Dark Brown, or Coyote Brown payment can be made via Paypal to malldred57@gmail.com prices are conus. Others message me for shipping Quote: Thanks for looking and Thanks for Blade Forum! This picture in the sun shows the color a little better... Last edited by Shaerk; 02-21-2014 at 06:54 PM . Like Shaerks Knives on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Shaer...01685296638797 Mook - 1095 and dark Burgundy Canvas Micarta"
not relevant	" My buddy Kay again. Prices do not include shipping. Please provide your zip code for a postal Quote: . I will take a money order, cashiers check, personal check or paypal. To give you an idea what is in each book, I've put together a blurb. Nearly all the books have a former owner's name in/on it. DYE $5.00 Fabric Printing: Screen Method by Richard Valentino & Phyllis Mufson, (1975) SC, 49+ pg, gobs of illus., (screen printing), San Francisco, CA, showing the art of printing in the creation of a book, going thru process step-by-step. Set up a studio, materials, design suggestions, sources, techniques. Special emphasis ion photo methods. $20.00 Wild Color (Natural Dyes) Jenny Dean, 100 recipes (1999) Watson-Guptil, SC, 144 pg. part one deals with the dyeing process, mordanting, choosing yarns, and adjusting color variations. pt 2 deals with the dyes themselvescollecting, preparing, storing dyestuffs plus specific recipes. SC, 144 pg. FELT $22.00 - Fundamentals of Feltmaking by Patricia Spark, Shuttlecraft Books (1989) SC, How to: fiber, supplies & equipt., prepare fleece, sample, shrinkage & weight, make felt: flat & 3-D, finishing, creative design. $10.00 - Feltmaking, Technique & Projects , Inge Evers, Lark Books (1987) SC. History, basic tech & equipt., traditional and modern tech. & motifs, clothing, other applications: group feltmaking, sculpture, etc. $27.00 - The Felting Needle Further Fantasies by Ayala Talpai, self-pub/Diligence Woodworking & Design (Spr 2003) spiral. A 2nd workbook. Packed with details, ideas and recently emerged techniques. OTHER CULTURES (Native) $5.00 Circles of The World, Traditional Art of the Plains Indians by Richard Conn, Denver Art Museum (1982) SC. Intro, Circle of the Family, the Tribe, Humanity, Unknown, the Circles Today, color & b/w plates w/explanations. A good look at clothing and history. $2.00 - Han Indians, People of the River , Dawson Indian Band (Athapaskans), Dawson, Yukon/Eagle, AK, (1988), SC,15 pgs. Tribal history from the first arrivals from Asia; Life, times & culture before Russian/Hudson Bay traders; Yukon gold rush; Present & Future; biblio. $4.00 Ethnic Looms by Caroline M. Jorstad (1982), SC, 45 pages. An introduction to the looms and pertinent info about use/yarn/dyes, etc. from North, South & Central America, Pacific & Asia, Middle East, Greece, Africa. $6.00 - Design Motifs of Ancient Mexico by Jorge Enciso, Dover (1953/1969), SC. Unusual collection of pictorial material of 766 primitive designs to add color & strong lines to handcrafts; 90% of material has never been printed, copyright free. Aztec, Maya, Totonac, Zapotec, Olmec, Toltec and other early Mexican cultures. $5.00 - Embroidery of MexicoGuatemala , Travel of the World Handicrafts, Vol. 1, Japanese text, Tokyo (1975), SC. Garments, embroidery, present-day pictures from the Chiapas to the Jalisco. Different figures to be embroidered or stitched. Ideas for double-weave, pick-up or tapestry within pages. $10.00 - Textiles of Ancient Peru and Their Techniques by Raoul DHarcourt, U of Washington Press (1962/1974), SC. [Top of binding crinkly due to past spilled liquid, all pages open.] Pub. in French in 1934, has been the classic work of Peruvian textiles and techniques of pre-Columbian weaving. Complete text & all black and white illus., prints, and diagrams of the original 1962 English translation. Ideas of innumerable ways yarns can be manipulated to produce cloth, Peru archaeology, techniques of textile manufacture. RUG $4.00 - The Pile Weaves by Jean Wilson, (1974) SC, 96 pg. Ends of yarn, cut or looped, rising above a flat background weave to create a surface interest. The pile may be shaggy, tightly packed and upright, smoothed down in regular rows, or a wild non-directional tangle of cut ends. Useful as rugs, carpets, cushions, wall hangings. Instructions & line drawings of 26 techniques & how to do them. $21.00 - A Rug Weaver's Source Book ; a compilation of Rug Weaving Technique, by Interweave (1984) SC. 8 different crafts peoplehow do they do what they do? Ideas, loom types & materials, edges & tension, finishes, weaves: plain, twill, rag, rya, warp-faced & block; card-woven selvages & shaft-switching. TAPESTRY $17.00 VHS: Tapestry Weaving, Level 1 w/Nancy Harvey, (1985) Victoria Video Productions. Video Workshop, running time: 110 minutes in color. Weave horizontal, vertical, diagonal, circular, vertical curving and horizontal curving shapes. Includes many technical considerations as well as finishing and mounting tips. Also learn slit, interlocking, outlining, pick and pick, horizontal stripes and more. $17.00 VHS: Tapestry Weaving, Level 2 w/Nancy Harvey, (1987) Victoria Video Productions. Video Workshop, running time: 107 minutes in color. Techniques include horizontal shading (hatching, hachures and floating bars), vertical shading (using single and multiple strands of weft), vertical outlining, refinements of double weft and single weft interlock and how to create overlapping transparent imagery. Plan a project, prepare a cartoon, color sampling. Tapestry technique can be used in pillows, rugs, tote bags, wall hangings, and even clothing. TECHNIQUES $12.00 - A Handbook of Weaves by G. H. Oelsner, HC w/dj (1952?). Translated & revised by Samuel S. Dale, including a supplement on the analysis of weaves & fabrics, 1,875 illustrations. Dover Publications, good shape considering age. A 1915 reference book, republished. More of an idea book, technical info, not a ""recipe"" book. Great for creating patterns and extending basic knowledge of weaves. From simple draft and plain weave to more complicated fancy weaves, with clear text and 1,875 working diagrams. Some weaves: irregular, double-stitched and filling satins; basket and rib; twills: steep, undulating, broken, offset, corkscrew, interlocking, herringbone, fancy; honeycomb and lace, tricot and matelassÌ©; corded, piquÌ© and kersey; hundreds more including 342 crÌ©pe weaves, etc. $7.00 - Surface Interest: Textiles of Today by Harriet Tidball, Shuttle Craft Monograph #2, SC, (1961) 22 pgs. [a little wrinkled/smelly] Lifting of the chief design elements of a textile to the surface. Implies the use of a backing or subsidiary element to create the foundation of the textile. Thread types, color, interlacements which carry a particular impact; achieve emphasis through contrast. Drafts. $35 .00 - Sheer Delight  Handwoven Transparencies by Doramay Keasbey , HC, dj. (1990) Stellar Publishing House, CA. A transparency is woven on a fine warp, with the pattern areas inlaid with a heavier yarn. When mounted in front of a window, the warp seems to disappear while the pattern seems suspended in the air. How to do. $4.00 - Tassels by Doris Hoover & Nancy Welch, 2nd printing (1979) SC; A handbook for weavers, stitchers, needlepointers, banner makers, belly dancers and other playful people. To make a purchase or ask questions about these books, please contact me off list. Thank you, Kay Doolittle, Woodinville, WA 98077; < doopub@drizzle.com > Things For Sale-Look!"
Negative	 Naomi is actually sitting here nearly crying thinking that she is going to go to prison because of paypal hahaha
not relevant	" NETGEAR NTV550tagged by Athuynh2, 12/18/13FLAC recommendationLast post on 6/22/13 at 2:31am inQuote:Originally Posted by otreblaelasacStrange !I'll test tonight on a XP SP3 PC at home.DMM is simply conforming the picture to the cover/background ratio and uses standard functions to save to disk.Another user had cropping issues that were actually related to screen resolution and having a external monitor attached. It might very well be that the guilty part is my code although currently I have no idea why.Could you try changing screen resolution and/or monitor ?My environment is Win7 and I tested on a laptop (1366x768) and/or external monitor. I tried changing resolution and actually for me it works.May be we can continue exchanging by email if you wish (albertocasale@yahoo.com)Hello AlbertoAfter trying without any luck all sorts of screen resolution combinations in my Windows XP client and my Mac OS host environment, and also repeating them with and without my 1080p external monitor I noticed the 'Advanced' button in the Windows 'Display Properties' menu:Just by returning the DPI setting (in the 'Display' pane under the 'General' tab) from 'Large Fonts (120 DPI)' to 'Normal size (96DPI)' the stubborn cropping problem disappeared immediately!Now of course all text is much smaller. Anyhow, changing the DPI settings back and forth for the occasions that I need to use DMM is OK for me.Cheers, MartinPS: I think it would be good to have an updated 'known issues' list on the DMM download page in your Dropbox.Glad you solved the cropping problem and you're right about the ""known issues"", I'll add it to the manualFor the local path I tested succesfully withStorage_label://drive_name/path And Storage_name://drive_name_uuid/pathFor you it will bestorage_label://DuneHDD/Music Or storage_name://DuneHDD_397fc0652097044d/MusicMy Dune/DMM setup now functions like a Suisse watch!I got the local path to work with the web app by using Storage_name://drive_name_uuid/path.(Then I immediately removed the corresponding question from my post. Alas, you had already started to write your reply to it.)Anyhow, I read again the DMM Short User Manual pdf and the USING DMC ppt in order to see what constructive suggestions I could make regarding the documentation of the local path topic. These are:Another source of confusion to me has been that the 'Label' field gets automatically filled in with the default value 'Dune', but that is actually its SMB server name, not the label of my hard disk volume. I suggest that you either correct or remove this default value, or (as a quick fix) clarify on page 4 in the ppt that the default value assumes that the hard disk volume has the same name as the SMB server in the Dune.Last but not least I think it would be handier for the user if all the info from the ppt is merged into the pdf, maybe just as an annex at the end of the pdf file.Again, thank you for having created DMM, and being so dedicated to make it work for everybody.My best regards, MartinPS: Do you accept donations for you efforts? If yes, please let us know where to send them...You can donate from within the program using paypal as I didIts not in english but easy to follow if you use paypal normally.It is also in euros but paypal convertsI used currency converter so I knew in my currency what to sendHello again, AlbertoMy Dune/DMM setup now functions like a Suisse watch!I am new at DMM, but so far I have been enjoying it.Not with the current version, I'm afraidI'm developing v2.0 which will allow you, with the PC application, tocreate playlists to be seen/used on TV and WebAppcreate collections of albums to have easy access to a subset of your library (each collection creates also a playlist with all its songs)I also plan to extend the capabilities of the webapp to allow the user to dynamically create and manage a playlist by browsing the library and do something like Play, Play Next, Append. Need to check the feasibility and reliability of this but I think it is doable.Would you be doing like dune explorer where you could have the name of the cd under the cover of the cd.Location: Salida, Colorado Thumbs Up: 11I'm having an issue that I believe is caused by having some albums that are Sountracks with various artists. I have a folder called Various and it has subfolders for each album. eg. Music\Various\Last Action Herocould you send by email (albertocasale@yahoo.com) the following pieces of infothe dune_folder.txt file in the exported menu corresponding to Last Action Hero (it is in the Albums folder)the m3u file corresponding to the album Last Action Herothat is in the folder .DMMplaylists (under your \Music library folder, the file starts with album_)the .txt file corresponding to your menu that is insideQuote:Originally Posted by otreblaelasac That's nice to hear !Thanks to Denass I realise the PayPal Donate link points to a french version. If it is a problem I can provide an english version.Curiously I hadn't even noticed the Donate button. I was looking for donation info under Actions because it's the main menu of DMM.(Since I am a little bit old-oldfashioned I suggest that you add something like 'About DMM' at the bottom of the 'Actions' drop down list, and there include links to PayPal, this forum and the DMM download directory.)Regarding the language versions of PayPal I have noticed different behaviours with different browsers. I don't remember which but at least one of them displays an language selector in the upper right corner. With other browsers the language will change when you select your country, but that selector only appears after you have filled in the total amount of the donation. And if you choose to log in to your PayPal account (if you have one) then the language will default to the country of your account.The neatest solution would probably be to have the PayPay link point to the language version that corresponds to the currently active user interface language.Location: Salida, Colorado Thumbs Up: 11After using the DMM Web app for a few weeks, I have just 3 things I would like to see added.1) The ability to queue up songs as they are playing. This one has been mentioned before but it's still number 1 on my wish list. 2) Next and Back page buttons on the Artists and Albums screens. This is really only for when I use it on my PC during the day.3) This one is just nit picking, but I wish the songs were already visible after selecting an album instead of having to click or tap the + to show them. 1) yes I plan to add to the webapp the capability to manage playlists on the fly. I hope to be able to fully implement it2) actually using firefox or chrome on windows 7 (haven't tested with other combinations) I can ""swipe"" by keeping the mouse left button pressed and swipe left or right 2) actually using firefox or chrome on windows 7 (haven't tested with other combinations) I can ""swipe"" by keeping the mouse left button pressed and swipe left or rightAlbertoI have tried with IE 11 and Chrome on Windows 7, but I can't get to the next page. It either tries to highlight everything on the page or the cursor changes to a circle with a / going through it.Hifor me, with Chrome and Firefox, it works when I click on a grey area, hold the button and swipe.AlbertoI just can't get it to work no matter where I click-hold and swipe. Two little buttons like < > on the bar that says Page 1/however many you have would be great in the future.  Seeking advice for best way to hook up antenna  Subwoofer needed with floor standing speakers??  which gain screen should i get, and do accoustic screens  Calling all Polkies:Official Polk thread  Official Sony KDL-55W900A Owners Thread AVS Forum"
Negative	 Nice little earner for PayPal retaining buyer's monies.
not relevant	" No additional import charges at delivery!   International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.People who viewed this item also viewedThese alternative suggestions have been selected for you by eBay's recommendation engine.Like New: A book that looks new but has been read. Cover has no visible wear, and the dust jacket (ifapplicable) is included for hard covers. No missing or damaged pages, no creases or tears, and no underlining/highlighting of text or writing in the margins. May be very minimal identifying marks on the inside cover. Very minimal wear and tear. See the seller's listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.   Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.Item location: Boston, Massachusetts, United StatesFree shipping United StatesEconomy Shipping (USPS Media MailTM)Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.If paying by mail(money order or check) you must notify me by email that you will be doing so. Payment must be received within 7 business days from receipt of my invoice to you. Thanks!Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit. By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. recent"
not relevant	" No additional import charges at delivery!People who viewed this item also viewedThese alternative suggestions have been selected for you by eBay's recommendation engine.Good: An item in used but good condition. May have minor damage to jewel case including scuffs or cracks,or to the item cover including scuffs, scratches, or cracks. The cover art and liner notes are included for a CD. VHS or DVD box is included. Video game instructions are included. No skipping on CD/DVD. No fuzzy/snowy frames on VHS tape. See the seller's listing for full details and description of any imperfections.  A mysterious murder report summons a hardened Washington D.C. homicide detective to the shadowy halls of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue--and draws him into a web of conspiracy, cover-ups, and corruption.Product DetailsNumber of Tapes: 1""...The tension-to-action sequences unspool efficiently..."" Entertainment Weekly - Lisa Schwarzbaum (04/25/1997)""...A diverting game of whodunit, like a big-screen version of Clue...""  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options.   Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.United StatesStandard Shipping (USPS First Class PackageEstimated between Thu. Feb. 27 and Mon. Mar. 3 Estimated delivery dates include seller's handling time, and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit.By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programterms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. Your feedback is submitted. Thank you for helping us improve!  (Enter more than ##1##)Your max bid:You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.You're the highest bidder on this item! You're the first bidder on this item!You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.You've been outbid by someone else.You can still win! Try bidding again.You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.Your bid wasn't accepted because it's the same as someone else's bid.Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.  , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.  (approximately ##1##)Winning bid:CloseCongrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. "
Negative	 no paying for netflix n it wont give me another free trial even with a different paypal ffs lmao
not relevant	" Not sure what you are trying to do but if you just want inserts MRRC appears to let you order on their site and they accept PayPal. I'm assuming they back out the VAT since it's a US sale. The issue is that available inserts do not necessarily fit all wheels, MRRC inserts come in two sizes and are not a good fit with other wheels other than MRRC without some work... also an issue with D'Arts unless you are using their rims which a fabulous product line. I am making the assumption that if it's a ""build"" you will have some good aluminum rims on it. There are a lot of peeps casting inserts out there so perhaps you may get a lead on someone casting inserts for common wheels such as Slot It. You will get better advice with more information about the project I think. 904 wheel inserts"
not relevant	" Note to webmasters/reporters: When recapping news from this site or from our newsletters, please include a link towww.wrestlingobserver.comFor the most in-depth and detailed news and analysis on pro-wrestling and MMA, always turn to Wrestlingobserver.com/Figure Four Weekly Online, the #1 website of its kind on the Internet.Members receive online access to both the Wrestling Observer and Figure Four Weekly newsletters and growing archives, Wrestling Observer Radio with Bryan Alvarez and Dave Meltzer three times per week, the popular Bryan and Vinny Show three times per week, additional radio shows including Figure Four Daily with Alvarez, Mike Coughlin's Five Star Radio, the Dr. Keith Lipinski Show, The Adam and Mike Big Audio Nightmare, Tough Talk and the Karl Stern Wrestling History Show, the infamous BOARD, and more! Members also have full access to the thousands of hours of audio in our radio show archives which date back to 2005. For your convenience, we offer secure online payments using your VISA, Mastercard, American Express, Discover card or PayPal account. Don't miss out on the fun, sign up now! Don't miss out on the fun,WRESTLING OBSERVERFIGURE FOUR ONLINEDAVE MELTZER - BRYAN ALVAREZTHE BOARDNeed technical or billing help?: WON/F4W - WWE news, Pro Wrestling News, WWE Results, UFC News, UFC results"
not relevant	" NVIDIA Geforce GTX 780M 4gb Video Card Laptop Notebook (Clevo based) I have two 4gb Nvidia GTX 780M,s (clevo based cards) for sale as i bought extra to run them in both my laptops but have since sold the second machine.. Also have the Clevo P370SM full upgrade kit for SLI setup which i will include with sale of both cards. They are brand new condition. Shipped with Aus post or Other, cost depends on location.. Payment is Verified Paypal or bank deposit. Selling due to being spare cards no longer needed now. Any questions please PM or email me. Thanks List Date: 2/20/2014  NVIDIA Geforce GTX 780M 4gb Video Card Laptop Notebook (Clevo based) On Sale For: $799 + $0 Shipping NVIDIA Geforce GTX 780M 4gb Video Card Laptop Notebook (Clevo based)"
not relevant	" offers Solid, Fast and Affordable VMs in geogrphically distributed locations (SAN JOSE, MIAMI and NEW YORK). All resources are dedicated and each VPS comes with SolusVM Control Panel.BUY 2 VPS AND GET 1 FREE, Contact SALES to Order*For every 3 VPS bought within the 'BUY 2 GET 1 FREE' promotion the lowest priced VPS is free of charge. The 'BUY 2 GET 1 FREE' promotion is independent of any other promotion and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion.1 CPU Core 10GB RAID-10 HDD1 IPv4 Address (Up to 3 IPv6 Available Upon Request)100Mbit port500GB Bandwidth Monthly 1 CPU Core 25GB RAID-10 HDD1 IPv4 Address (Up to 3 IPv6 Available Upon Request)100Mbit port1000GB Bandwidth Monthly 1 Cpu Core 40GB RAID-10 HDD1 IPv4 Address (Up to 3 IPv6 Available Upon Request)100Mbit port1500GB Bandwidth Monthly 2 Cpu Core 50GB RAID-10 HDD1 IPv4 Address (Up to 3 IPv6 Available Upon Request)100Mbit port2000GB Bandwidth Monthly 2 Cpu Core 60GB RAID-10 HDD1 IPv4 Address (Up to 3 IPv6 Available Upon Request)100Mbit port2500GB Bandwidth MonthlyIf you need any custom configurations please let us know. Contact us at VPS comes with* SolusVM/WHMCS control panel * Instant Server Reboots * SSD Read Caching* 24/7/365 Support * Never Oversold* Self-Managed* Credit Card and Paypal Payment Options* IPv6 Support* Up to 1000Mbps (1Gbps) Network Ports* Debian 6 and 7 * Ubuntu Server 12.04 LTS* CentOS 6.X  Dedicated Servers | Colocation | VPS | Stream Hosting‰Ðö‰Ðö 99.99% Network Uptime ‰ÐÂ 24/7 Support ‰ÐÂ SAS 70 TYPE II Certified Data CentersPlease be aware that every offer has limits beyond what is displayed in the thread. You should visit the site advertising and read any Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policy they have in place. If you can't find answers on how they measure what you're purchasing, ask. If the offer or request doesn't regard some type of hosting, you still need to research beyond what's printed in the ad.Research any provider to know what limits are in place, especially with any offer concerning disk space and/or bandwidth. These are generally defined in the TOS or AUP.Read provider reviews. If you find no reviews, create a thread and ask for others' first-hand experience with the provider.Microsoft Previews New Updates and Services for Windows Azure Cloud Platform  You may not post new threadsYoumay not post repliesYou may notReadySpace Taps Bulletin for Application-to-Mobile Text Messaging Suite ePages Provides E-Commerce for 1&1 Customers, Bringing Number of Supported Shops to 120,000 Microsoft Launches ExpressRoute to Provide Fast and Secure Hybrid Cloud ConnectionsCreate your username to jump into the discussion! Web Hosting Talk"
Positive	" Oh yes there is! I filed BK in 2006 and I have not been late on a thing since (and never carry a balance). I have Chase Marriott & SWA (10k), CaptialOne Venture (10k), Barclaycard (10k), Amex Platinum, minor cards are Target, Kohl's, NewEgg, PayPal BillMe Later, GE Medical. My two chase cards I got a little over a year ago but had to call in to them when I got the online decline (since then they have been GREAT to me on my CL). CaptialOne was my first subprime card (World Card I think it was) but was upgraded to Venture after 4 years ago after calling into them. They also raised my limit from 4k to 10k on a call too - it took a few phone transfers but they did it on my history only and did not even hard pull my scores! Oh, I have a HSBC Card (10k) but I pretty much hate that card (along with my Barclaycard) - but I guess it is really a CaptialOne card now. Just last Saturday I was approved for my Amex Platinum card - after many tries. This was my ""gold ring"" to get back into the Amex door (since I burned them for ~4k on my BK). They even backdated my membership to 1996 - which I find amazing. TU (from Barclaycard site): 731, EX: 738, EQ: 701 Is there life after BK?"
not relevant	" Online Degree Search Provided by YourDegreeResultsApple gets go-ahead to move against unauthorized accessory makersThu, 2011-04-07 17:13 - AnonymousA federal judge has ruled that Apple's lawsuit against a group of California companies selling unauthorized accessories for iPods, iPhones, and iPads can continue. The group of four companies, led by eForCity, tried to have the lawsuit dismissed on procedural grounds, but US District Judge Jeremy Fogel has ordered the lawsuit to proceed. In July, Apple sued a group of seven companies that make and/or sell unauthorized accessories designed to work with its various iDevices. Apple has a specific licensing and certification program for businesses that want to offer such accessories, known as the MFi Program . To avoid paying the licensing fees, the seven companies skirted the program and made accessories without Apple's blessing. Apple claimed that by doing so, the companies are culpable for patent infringement-as the company has numerous patents on its 30-pin dock connector and cable-as well as trademark infringement and unfair competition.  Apple TV - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaApple TV outputs video through an HDMI port. While the first generation also had component video and RCA stereo audio ports, they were removed in the second generation.  Apple - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaThe apple is the pomaceous fruit of the apple tree, species Malus domestica in the rose family (Rosaceae). It is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits, and ...  Apple Inc. - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaApple Inc. is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software ...  Big Apple (dance) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaThe Big Apple is both a partner dance and a circle dance that originated in the Afro-American community of the United States in the beginning of the 20th century.  Apple pie - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaAn apple pie is a fruit pie (or tart) in which the principal filling ingredient is apples. It is sometimes served with whipped cream or ice cream on top, or alongside ...  Apple Records - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Apple Records is a record label founded by the Beatles in 1968, as a division of Apple Corps Ltd. It was initially intended as a creative outlet for the Beatles, both ...  Apple Corps - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaApple Films . Apple Films is the film-making division of Apple Corps. Its first production was The Beatles's 1967 TV movie Magical Mystery Tour.  Fiona Apple - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaFiona Apple McAfee Maggart (born September 13, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist. Her debut album, Tidal, was released in 1996 and received a Grammy ...  iPod - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaIn 2006 Apple presented a special edition for iPod 5G of Irish rock band U2. Like its predecessor, this iPod has engraved the signatures of the four members of the ...  QuickTime - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaQuickTime is an extensible multimedia framework developed by Apple Inc., capable of handling various formats of digital video, picture, sound, panoramic images, and ...  Apple Makes Trademark Move in Smartwatch Race198Apple Makes Trademark Move in Smartwatch Race198 From: Missy Giovanini Views: 0 0 ratings Time: 01:34 More in Gaming  Apple Moving Into The Car Market?Apple Moving Into The Car Market? Are apple making the move into the automobile world? Links: Article on the verge: http://bit.ly/MDdJua Tesla Model S: ""Gallons of Light"" Commercial: http://b... From: Daily Tech Bloom Views: 6 1 ratings Time: 02:05 More in Science & Technology  La mela - come spostare la mela dell'iPhone (how to move the APPLE of the iPhone)La mela - come spostare la mela dell'iPhone (how to move the APPLE of the iPhone) Il cellulare, uno strumento di uso comune e quasi banale, puÌ_ diventare molto molto di piÌ_ nelle mani di un mago... e sorprendere ancora! Un ordinario Apple ... From: SalaÌÂ - oltre l'ordinario Views: 104 8 ratings Time: 00:47 More in Entertainment  How to Move Icons on Apple TV Know How 60264How to Move Icons on Apple TV Know How 60264 From: Barbara Poplits Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 02:10 More in Gaming  How to Move Icons on Apple TV Know How 60264How to Move Icons on Apple TV Know How 60264 From: Barbara Poplits Views: 0 0 ratings Time: 02:10 More in Gaming  Apple Makes Trademark Move in Smartwatch Race226Apple Makes Trademark Move in Smartwatch Race226 From: Barbara Poplits Views: 0 0 ratings Time: 01:34 More in Gaming  APPLE drops BITCOIN claiming 'legal reasons' Bitcoin users claim a competitive move AAPL up BTC downAPPLE drops BITCOIN claiming 'legal reasons' Bitcoin users claim a competitive move AAPL up BTC down UPDATE: Another perhaps BIGGER factor of BITCOIN PRICE drop is Mt Gox holding BTC withdrawls: http://www.coindesk.com/mt-gox-halts-bitcoin-withdrawals-price-... From: CryptoMoneyExchange.org Views: 18 0 ratings Time: 03:38 More in People & Blogs  How to Move an Apple Mail Accounts Folder to an External Hard Drive Using Apple Products2410How to Move an Apple Mail Accounts Folder to an External Hard Drive Using Apple Products2410 From: Barbara Poplits Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 01:35 More in Gaming  Apple Find Out How - Move to MacApple Find Out How - Move to Mac This is the Apple Find Out How about Move to Mac. Please leave comments and rate this video. My website is at http://awesomemoviework.blogspot.com. From: The Media Guys 2 (Subscribe) Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 03:53 More in Science & Technology  Apple's Bad Move, Wall Street Journal, and Wearable Bitcoin Wallets - Today's Bitcoin Minute.Apple's Bad Move, Wall Street Journal, and Wearable Bitcoin Wallets - Today's Bitcoin Minute. Bitcoin minute for 2-5-2014. More by Justin Hawley at http://www.betteroffbitcoin.com. From: Better Off Bitcoin Views: 116 3 ratings Time: 04:18 More in Science & Technology  Apple mulling move into mobile paymentsApple mulling move into mobile payments Apple is considering launching a mobile-payments service for its iPhone and iPad, which would compete with major players such as PayPal, The Wall Street Jour... From: TeleFunkNews Views: 16 0 ratings Time: 01:21 More in Science & Technology  iPhone 4S vs. Samsung Galaxy S2 Arguing Comments! Apple vs. Samsung War Shall Move On!iPhone 4S vs. Samsung Galaxy S2 Arguing Comments! Apple vs. Samsung War Shall Move On! Subsribe and Share for more. https://www.youtube.com/user/cleopatraehintzern. From: Adrian IsÌ©n Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 06:24 More in Film & Animation  Tech Companies News Byte: Apple Reportedly Already Planning Move Back to Samsung for FuturTech Companies News Byte: Apple Reportedly Already Planning Move Back to Samsung for Futur Apple reportedly already planning move back to Samsung for future processors It looks like Apple and Samsung are destined to be frenemies for life. A new rep... From: Melike Elif Views: 4 0 ratings Time: 00:42 More in People & Blogs  How to Move Icons on Apple TV: Know How 60How to Move Icons on Apple TV: Know How 60 How to Move Icons on Apple TV: Know How 60 *** Subscribe *** http://www.youtube.com/channel/uckbp3edm_z5eb_gyuxr3boa. From: SoftwareSimian Views: 2 0 ratings Time: 02:10 More in Science & Technology  My move to the BIG AppleMy move to the BIG Apple Decided to talk a little about my experience so far in Nyc. From: Shyla Bruce Views: 38 3 ratings Time: 07:27 More in Howto & Style  iOS 7 Jailbreak Tweaks MultiIconMover+ Move Multiple Apps At Once, Rearrange With Ease ! ByKayseriOS 7 Jailbreak Tweaks MultiIconMover+ Move Multiple Apps At Once, Rearrange With Ease ! ByKayser http://youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=EfdemiraTechno25&annotation_id=annotation_529308&feature=iv&src_vid=PF06RVaUtbk iphone 5,apple bottom jeans,i... From: Efdemira-Techno-4 Views: 33 0 ratings Time: 01:32 More in Science & Technology  Apple's Next Move: Beyond ChinaApple's Next Move: Beyond China On this episode of the a2pcast, we discuss Apple's deal with China Mobile, new and upcoming products, and rumors about future developments. Then we look to t... From: Alive2Play Views: 5 0 ratings Time: 34:11 More in Gaming  Apple Byte Google strikes! Apple, the next move is yours - Cnet TV ReviewApple Byte Google strikes! Apple, the next move is yours - Cnet TV Review We look at thousands of products each year--anything related to digital technology. Review categories include the following (complete list below): ‰Û¢ Hottest ... From: Cnet Tv Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 07:59 More in Science & TechnologyMusk Finance - Is Apple's New iPhone Strategy the Right Move? Sept. 9 (Bloomberg) -- Nothing excites Apple's admirers more than a new iphone. This time around, Apple may unveil not one but two new phones, one an upgrade... From: Musk Finance Views: 0 0 ratings Time: 01:32 More in News & Politics  Is Apple's New iPhone Strategy the Right Move?Is Apple's New iPhone Strategy the Right Move? Sept. 9 (Bloomberg) -- Nothing excites Apple's admirers more than a new iPhone. This time around, Apple may unveil not one but two new phones, one an upgrade... From: Musk's World Views: 1 0 ratings Time: 01:32 More in News & Politics  Best apple I move everBest apple I move ever I had this idea to make a short clip about me and my friends how we we're pretend spies and how our friend Eli went missing and we found out the joker kidnap... From: Eric Arevalo Views: 2 0 ratings Time: 02:28 More in Comedy  Trimpe J's Minute to Win it move!Trimpe J's Minute to Win it move! From: Apple dela cruz Views: 44 0 ratings Time: 00:43 More in Film & Animation  Apple's China Mobile Deal: Another Move In The Chess Game Apple's China Mobile Deal: Another Move In The Chess Game The timing of Apple's deal to sell its iPhone on China's Mobile, the world's largest mobile carrier... From: WochitTech Views: 6 0 ratings Time: 00:46 More in Science & Technology sciencestage.com newshub"
Negative	" Originally Posted by DavidS7 Hello, for a while I've launched my website using the eCommerce Magento, but I am currently migrating to OpenCart since it is easier to use. But before going forward, and make another mistake, I need your help: I've never been satisfied with my website: www.techmake.com - I need eCommerce (shopping cart, catalog, statistics, etc.) but I also need to create content, with something easy to use such as WYSIWYG. - I also want to integrate a Forum, and the login and password of the shopping cart is the same as the forum. - Integrate a blog - etc. Can anyone advice me what should I use? Thank you. I played around with OpenCart last year but dropped it to concentrate on other things. I do remember being able to customise the stylesheet fairly easily and tweaking it a lot. I stuck with basic template. I would be interested in knowing how to set up a commerce system on a local virtual server like WAMP, or anything that simulate the database. I was having to make my OpenCart tweaks live on a test subdomain. I didn't get very far unfortunately because I was only poking around with a checkout system by request of a client for whom I'd already built a website. My bigger challenge was integrating a merchant account, SSL and a payment processor that was ANYTHING but PayPal. The OpenCart community publish a fair few plugins but I remember their forums ( http://forum.opencart.com ) containing lively discussions about which plugins were broken and which were working. Always useful to read that stuff first. The other thing with OpenCart was I never knew how to make it responsive, and as for the blog - I never made it that far! LOL I am now smitten with WordPress so I'll probably be looking to use StudioPress plugins to tackle any commerce system challenges. I'm pretty sure OpenCart is open source and free but if I HAD to use it, I would be looking for a premium version of the software and pay gladly. If there are good developers that can help you, please keep us informed on this thread! I would appreciate knowing your experiences and seeing how we can share tips, advice etc. Edit: Here are some screencast videos by OpenCar t. I seem to remember following these and finding them helpful CMS and eCommerce together?"
not relevant	" Originally Posted by viralskate I need an auto play script for my music site. It shouldn't be a complicated job. I need a skilled worker who can get this accomplished quickly. No scammers. No one trying to scam me. You have to sign a contract with us - that will be sent over to PayPal as proof for instant claim if you try and waste my time even slightly. I have money ready to go so please PM me with your skype ready to talk. Do not PM me if you are not ready to get started right away. - Viralskate From what I am reading my guess is that you can do this using the HTML5 video/audio player, considering it allows ""auto play"". I need an auto play script made"
Negative	 PayPal are messing with me today they want to hold all my funds _Ù÷_
Negative	 PayPal Denies Providing Payment Information to Twitter Username Hacker http://t.co/9glHj6v5lu
not relevant	 PayPal has been sent. Thanks Casey. Now I just need one of those SERE Alphas. Bradshaw blades [[[ do-all edc in 52100 ]]]
Negative	 Paypal having a (really short) deadline on asking for refund is BULLSHIT.
Positive	 PayPal makes online shopping sooo much easier when you're bored at work _Ù÷£
Negative	 Paypal please :(
Positive	 Paypal sent . Thanks *SOLD* FSOT Shirogorov Tabargan 100NS
Negative	 Paypal!!!who has paypal T_T
not relevant	" Pm sent with PayPal information. Thanks Graphic Chart Tape, Vinyl Black Glossy, 1/64"" x 648"""
not relevant	" Prices do not include shipping. Please provide your zip code for a postal Quote: . I will take a money order, cashiers check, personal check or paypal. To give you an idea what is in each book, I've put together a blurb. Nearly all the books have a former owner's name in/on it. DYE $5.00 Fabric Printing: Screen Method by Richard Valentino & Phyllis Mufson, (1975) SC, 49+ pg, gobs of illus., (screen printing), San Francisco, CA, showing the art of printing in the creation of a book, going thru process step-by-step. Set up a studio, materials, design suggestions, sources, techniques. Special emphasis ion photo methods. $21.00 Wild Color (Natural Dyes) Jenny Dean, 100 recipes (1999) Watson-Guptil, SC, 144 pg. part one deals with the dyeing process, mordanting, choosing yarns, and adjusting color variations. pt 2 deals with the dyes themselvescollecting, preparing, storing dyestuffs plus specific recipes. SC, 144 pg. FELT $20.00 - Fundamentals of Feltmaking by Patricia Spark, Shuttlecraft Books (1989) SC, How to: fiber, supplies & equipt., prepare fleece, sample, shrinkage & weight, make felt: flat & 3-D, finishing, creative design. $10.00 - Feltmaking, Technique & Projects , Inge Evers, Lark Books (1987) SC. History, basic tech & equipt., traditional and modern tech. & motifs, clothing, other applications: group feltmaking, sculpture, etc. $24.00 - The Felting Needle Further Fantasies by Ayala Talpai, self-pub/Diligence Woodworking & Design (Spr 2003) spiral. A 2nd workbook. Packed with details, ideas and recently emerged techniques. PROJECTS $5.00 - Baby, Baby, BabyåÉA Baker's Dozen by Handweaver's Guild of America, folder/SC. (1984), using mostly very washable fibers, good ideas for other items. Drafts and directions for 13 projects. The third in ""A Baker's Dozen"". $5.00 - Tablemats and BeyondåÉA Baker's Dozen by Handweaver's Guild of America, folder/SC. (before 1984), using carpet warp, linen, perle cotton and more. Placemats, potholders; good ideas for other items. Drafts and directions for 13 projects. The first in ""A Baker's Dozen"". $26.00 - Seven Projects in Rosepath, revised by Berta Frey SC (1959), 29 pg. Originally planned & written for monthly program of a weavers' guild, conducted by correspondence. Chief value lies in the various samples & directions. 2nd Ed-some corrections & better illus. Rosepath: pattern & tabby weft; twill of the herringbone type. Each project a different warp, 4 & 8 harness/shaft. #1 Warp yarn variations, #1 color variations, #1 design 4 color & texture, #1 sampler of (10) lace weaves, #1 4h-interwoven/8h-in double width, #1 in boundweaving, #1 Special Tech (8) (finger-controlled). $12.00 - Weave It! 28 Projects For Your Home by Marilyn Meltzer (1981) HC. Basics, afghan, bedspread, blanket, hammock, lamp shade, pillow, room divider, rug, shelves, swing, window coverings, upholstery, etc. $4.00 - Weaving You Can Use by Jean Wilson, (1975), SC. Household weavings; weaving to shape and in units to be joined, ethnic sources shown & discussed. Upholstery, rugs, pillows, draperies, room dividers, towels, bedspreads, more. Instructions, diagrams, patterns. VARIOUS $4.00 - The Art of Weaving by Else Regensteiner, HC, dj, (1970). Comprehensive text, diagrams, drafts, examples of fabrics. Complete coverage of materials & equipment, techniques & creative possibilities. $4.00 - Practical Modern Weaving by Rosemary Murray, SC, (1975). Concise, practical, well-illustraited course in weaving techniques on a simple table loom for beginners, offers attractive colourful, up-to-date design ideas on which to practice new skills. $10.00 - Thrums; Odds and Ends for Handweavers and Dyers by Faithe Shaw Nunneley, self-pub (1991) SC, Weavinghow to, color, clothing, dyeing, finishings, guilds/study groups. To make a purchase or ask questions about these books, please contact me off list. Thank you, Kay Doolittle, Woodinville, WA 98077; < doopub@drizzle.com > Things For Sale-Look!"
not relevant	" Purple Sage and Simply Buffet vouchers :)  Purple Sage Vouchers $100 x 3 pieces Expiry: 1 March 2014 Selling for each voucher: $30 OR EXCHANGE with $30 Grocery / Shopping vouchers  Terms and Conditions Valid for Purple Sage standard menus only, not valid for festive menus This voucher is valid for use on food menu before GST, excludes other incidental charges This voucher is not valid in conjunction with other promotions, discounts or credit card privileges ~It's not stated but at the time I checked with Purple Sage, vouchers cannot be combined for use, 1 voucher to be redeemed each time.  ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  Simply Buffet vouchers $50 x 4 pieces Expiry: 1 March 2014 Selling for each voucher: $10 OR EXCHANGE with $10 Grocery / Shopping vouchers  Terms and Conditions Valid for Simply Buffet standard menus only, not valid for festive menus Valid with a minimum spend of $600 on food menu before GST, excludes other incidental charges This voucher is not valid in conjunction with other promotions, discounts or credit card privileges ~It's not stated but at the time I checked with Simply Buffet, vouchers cannot be combined for use, 1 voucher to be redeemed each time  *For payment made via Internet banking/ATM deposit/Paypal Transfer, vouchers will be mailed out once payment is received. Free normal mail postage. For Registered mail, pls add an additional $2.30 For Cash on delivery / self-collection, it will ONLY be at Khatib Mrt  Pls leave a comment or email styletone@live.com thanks! PHOTO 1 to 13: All available For sale :) Purple Sage and Simply Buffet vouchers Style Tone shared a photo.  Brand New Items For Sale"
Negative	" Quote: : Hey there the WSO looks good! I just signed up and after PayPal was taken to a Login page. But didn't receive an sort of welcome or confirmation email with my details to access the Members area. Also tried doing the ""Resend Password"" option but still didn't see anything in the Inbox or Spam folders. Please advise. Many Blessings, Jerold Hottest New Niche | Take Our PLR Flyers"" & Sell to Offline Businesses. Guaranteed to Work!"
Negative	 Quote: : I offered to send him payment via paypal. He declined. This was a done deal but the seller didn't approve of my form of payment and I didn't approve of how he wanted payment so to me that just means the deal is a no go. End of story. So quit being a whiny gash and send a PMO. Lots of people do NOT use PP. Any of my internet friends know Daves Offroad?
not relevant	" Quote: : It's in decent shape, it has 3 chipped head fins by the carb port (see pic) it wasn't from a crash, it was from me and not having the right tools to check the glow plug. The engine I got in a lot of other stuff, I checked it thoroughly, and I did get it to fire up and run. The Carb was the only part that have me issue but one spray of carb cleaner to remove old nitro was all it needed! Unknown hours on it, compression is high still! The spinner is also included and adapter say $145 shipped due to head chips for a today special! Dear sir, I can offer $130.00 shipped using PayPal immediately. Thanks, Patrick Saito 180 *$145 today special*"
Positive	" Quote: : Yor REALK solution is to make a NEW Ebay/Paypal combo,,,The SAD truth is that U.S. buyers LOVE Paypal, and will avoid your listing if you do not offer Paypal Use other options for ebay account payments"
Negative	" Quote: from JeffreyB25 : I see at check out that there was an ""enabled auto renewal"" on. That could be pricy for 20 key codes at $50 a code! Use PayPal!! They can't just go ahead and charge your PayPal account without authorization ( I think?) Quote: from koizumi : Shows total as $39.95 for me Use a different browser. I know Chrome didn't work for me, but Mozilla worked flawlessly BitDefender (1 PC 1 year) for: 13 CENTS! *DEAD* 02-02-2013"
not relevant	" REFLECTIVE  HOME OF THE BASSLINE   12th BIRTHDAY  SATURDAY 29th MARCH   @ THE BOX (EMBRACE NIGHTCLUB) 1 Burgess St Sheffield, South Yorkshire S1 2HF  ‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢  The original Bassline House record label and event invites you to come celebrate 12 Years of ""THE HOME OF THE BASSLINE""  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ARENA 1 - OLD SKOOL BASSLINE AND SPEED GARAGE ANTHEMS  LIVE PA'S   PLATNUM  Performing Hits...  ""What's It Gonna Be"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_4OrFH3EU  ""Love Shy"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66wOXOKdTO0  ""Over The Heartache"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcrjGFQaLnA  SORAYA Performing The Anthem...  ""GORDONS GROOVE"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptNkWEkATq4  ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ   MARTIN LEVERTON & ROB G SHAUN 'BANGER' SCOTT NEV WRIGHT STU-E ANDY SPOFF TEX JON BUCCIERI STEELZ  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ROOM 2 - JACKIN, HOUSE & BASS, DEEP HOUSE   ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ   BILLY SIMMONS & PHIL BLYTHE CHRIS DUTTON LOUIE MAC  ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ENTRY ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ  ‰?¡ 11PM - 6AM  ‰÷Ý ADMISSION - START AT ONLY å£10 WITH ADVANCE TICKETS. More on the door! ‰÷Ý DRESSCODE - Super Stylish / Ultra Sexy / No Hats, Hoods or Sportswear  ARRIVE EARLY TO THIS EVENT TO GUARANTEE ENTRY !!!!  ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ TICKETS ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ  STANDARD å£10  LIMITED VIP å£15   Includes Que Jump, Access to the VIP area, Drink order service and more  ‰÷Ý DELIVERED TO YOU BY PROMO TEAM (T&C'S APPLY) ‰÷_ 07766193777  ‰÷Ý ONLINE/BY POST- Send payment via PayPal to fbdjstue@gmail.com Put postal address in notes section when making payment   ‰÷Ý Music Junkee, 62-64 Cambridge Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 2759035  ‰÷Ý Embrace Nightclub, 1 Burgess Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 278811  ‰÷Ý BACH Barbers, 7 Market Place, Chapeltown, Sheffield S35 2UU ‰÷_ 0114 2463085  ‰÷Ý SA-Kis, Division Street, Sheffield  ‰÷Ý Rotherham MESSAGE - Amy Rebecca Hawthorne  ‰÷Ý Rotherham, Maltby, Bramley, Wickersley MESSAGE - Bradley Williams  ‰÷Ý Dinnington and surrounding areas CONTACT -Terri Miller  ‰÷Ý South Sheffield - Dore, Totley, Low Edges, Batemoor, Jordanthorpe, Greenhill, Woodseats, Meadowhead, Gleadless, Norton, Ecclesall Road, Abbeydale Road, London Road and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE Billy Simmons or Phil Blythe‰÷_ 07794 585420  North Sheffield - Hillsborough, Wadsley Bridge, Foxhill, Grenoside, High Green, Southey Green, Parson Cross, Ecclesfield, Shiregreen, Wincobank, Firth Park, Pitsmoor and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Tom Hague or Thomas Spin  West Sheffield- Crookes, Stannington, Fullwood, Crosspool and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Thomas Spin  East Sheffield - Darnall, Handsworth, Richmond, Woodhouse, Hackenthorpe, Birley, Manor, Crystal Peaks and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Chris Dutton  Barnsley areas ‰÷_ 07766193777  Any other enquiries ‰÷_ 07766193777 BBM - 7C177B18  REFLECTIVE  HOME OF THE BASSLINE   12th BIRTHDAY  SATURDAY 29th MARCH   @ THE BOX (EMBRACE NIGHTCLUB) 1 Burgess St Sheffield, South Yorkshire S1 2HF  ‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢  The original Bassline House record label and event invites you to come celebrate 12 Years of ""THE HOME OF THE BASSLINE""  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ARENA 1 - OLD SKOOL BASSLINE AND SPEED GARAGE ANTHEMS  LIVE PA'S   PLATNUM  Performing Hits...  ""What's It Gonna Be"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_4OrFH3EU  ""Love Shy"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66wOXOKdTO0  ""Over The Heartache"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcrjGFQaLnA  SORAYA Performing The Anthem...  ""GORDONS GROOVE"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptNkWEkATq4  ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ   MARTIN LEVERTON & ROB G SHAUN 'BANGER' SCOTT NEV WRIGHT STU-E ANDY SPOFF TEX JON BUCCIERI STEELZ  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ROOM 2 - JACKIN, HOUSE & BASS, DEEP HOUSE   ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ   BILLY SIMMONS & PHIL BLYTHE CHRIS DUTTON LOUIE MAC  ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ENTRY ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ  ‰?¡ 11PM - 6AM  ‰÷Ý ADMISSION - START AT ONLY å£10 WITH ADVANCE TICKETS. More on the door! ‰÷Ý DRESSCODE - Super Stylish / Ultra Sexy / No Hats, Hoods or Sportswear  ARRIVE EARLY TO THIS EVENT TO GUARANTEE ENTRY !!!!  ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ TICKETS ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ  STANDARD å£10  LIMITED VIP å£15   Includes Que Jump, Access to the VIP area, Drink order service and more  ‰÷Ý DELIVERED TO YOU BY PROMO TEAM (T&C'S APPLY) ‰÷_ 07766193777  ‰÷Ý ONLINE/BY POST- Send payment via PayPal to fbdjstue@gmail.com Put postal address in notes section when making payment   ‰÷Ý Music Junkee, 62-64 Cambridge Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 2759035  ‰÷Ý Embrace Nightclub, 1 Burgess Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 278811  ‰÷Ý BACH Barbers, 7 Market Place, Chapeltown, Sheffield S35 2UU ‰÷_ 0114 2463085  ‰÷Ý SA-Kis, Division Street, Sheffield  ‰÷Ý Rotherham MESSAGE - Amy Rebecca Hawthorne  ‰÷Ý Rotherham, Maltby, Bramley, Wickersley MESSAGE - Bradley Williams  ‰÷Ý Dinnington and surrounding areas CONTACT -Terri Miller  ‰÷Ý South Sheffield - Dore, Totley, Low Edges, Batemoor, Jordanthorpe, Greenhill, Woodseats, Meadowhead, Gleadless, Norton, Ecclesall Road, Abbeydale Road, London Road and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE Billy Simmons or Phil Blythe‰÷_ 07794 585420  North Sheffield - Hillsborough, Wadsley Bridge, Foxhill, Grenoside, High Green, Southey Green, Parson Cross, Ecclesfield, Shiregreen, Wincobank, Firth Park, Pitsmoor and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Tom Hague or Thomas Spin  West Sheffield- Crookes, Stannington, Fullwood, Crosspool and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Thomas Spin  East Sheffield - Darnall, Handsworth, Richmond, Woodhouse, Hackenthorpe, Birley, Manor, Crystal Peaks and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Chris Dutton  Barnsley areas ‰÷_ 07766193777  Any other enquiries ‰÷_ 07766193777 BBM - 7C177B18 "
not relevant	" REFLECTIVE  HOME OF THE BASSLINE   12th BIRTHDAY  SATURDAY 29th MARCH   @ THE BOX (EMBRACE NIGHTCLUB) 1 Burgess St Sheffield, South Yorkshire S1 2HF  ‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢  The original Bassline House record label and event invites you to come celebrate 12 Years of ""THE HOME OF THE BASSLINE""  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ARENA 1 - OLD SKOOL BASSLINE AND SPEED GARAGE ANTHEMS  LIVE PA'S   PLATNUM  Performing Hits...  ""What's It Gonna Be"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_4OrFH3EU  ""Love Shy"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66wOXOKdTO0  ""Over The Heartache"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcrjGFQaLnA  SORAYA Performing The Anthem...  ""GORDONS GROOVE"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptNkWEkATq4  ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ   MARTIN LEVERTON & ROB G SHAUN 'BANGER' SCOTT NEV WRIGHT STU-E ANDY SPOFF TEX JON BUCCIERI STEELZ  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ROOM 2 - JACKIN, HOUSE & BASS, DEEP HOUSE   ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ   BILLY SIMMONS & PHIL BLYTHE CHRIS DUTTON LOUIE MAC  ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ENTRY ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ  ‰?¡ 11PM - 6AM  ‰÷Ý ADMISSION - START AT ONLY å£10 WITH ADVANCE TICKETS. More on the door! ‰÷Ý DRESSCODE - Super Stylish / Ultra Sexy / No Hats, Hoods or Sportswear  ARRIVE EARLY TO THIS EVENT TO GUARANTEE ENTRY !!!!  ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ TICKETS ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ  STANDARD å£10  LIMITED VIP å£15   Includes Que Jump, Access to the VIP area, Drink order service and more  ‰÷Ý DELIVERED TO YOU BY PROMO TEAM (T&C'S APPLY) ‰÷_ 07766193777  ‰÷Ý ONLINE/BY POST- Send payment via PayPal to fbdjstue@gmail.com Put postal address in notes section when making payment   ‰÷Ý Music Junkee, 62-64 Cambridge Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 2759035  ‰÷Ý Embrace Nightclub, 1 Burgess Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 278811  ‰÷Ý BACH Barbers, 7 Market Place, Chapeltown, Sheffield S35 2UU ‰÷_ 0114 2463085  ‰÷Ý SA-Kis, Division Street, Sheffield  ‰÷Ý Rotherham MESSAGE - Amy Rebecca Hawthorne  ‰÷Ý Rotherham, Maltby, Bramley, Wickersley MESSAGE - Bradley Williams  ‰÷Ý Dinnington and surrounding areas CONTACT -Terri Miller  ‰÷Ý South Sheffield - Dore, Totley, Low Edges, Batemoor, Jordanthorpe, Greenhill, Woodseats, Meadowhead, Gleadless, Norton, Ecclesall Road, Abbeydale Road, London Road and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE Billy Simmons or Phil Blythe‰÷_ 07794 585420  North Sheffield - Hillsborough, Wadsley Bridge, Foxhill, Grenoside, High Green, Southey Green, Parson Cross, Ecclesfield, Shiregreen, Wincobank, Firth Park, Pitsmoor and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Tom Hague or Thomas Spin  West Sheffield- Crookes, Stannington, Fullwood, Crosspool and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Thomas Spin  East Sheffield - Darnall, Handsworth, Richmond, Woodhouse, Hackenthorpe, Birley, Manor, Crystal Peaks and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Chris Dutton  Barnsley areas ‰÷_ 07766193777  Any other enquiries ‰÷_ 07766193777 BBM - 7C177B18 Bass Heaven shared Reflective Reunion's event.  REFLECTIVE  HOME OF THE BASSLINE   12th BIRTHDAY  SATURDAY 29th MARCH   @ THE BOX (EMBRACE NIGHTCLUB) 1 Burgess St Sheffield, South Yorkshire S1 2HF  ‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢‰Û¢  The original Bassline House record label and event invites you to come celebrate 12 Years of ""THE HOME OF THE BASSLINE""  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ARENA 1 - OLD SKOOL BASSLINE AND SPEED GARAGE ANTHEMS  LIVE PA'S   PLATNUM  Performing Hits...  ""What's It Gonna Be"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_4OrFH3EU  ""Love Shy"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66wOXOKdTO0  ""Over The Heartache"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcrjGFQaLnA  SORAYA Performing The Anthem...  ""GORDONS GROOVE"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptNkWEkATq4  ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ   MARTIN LEVERTON & ROB G SHAUN 'BANGER' SCOTT NEV WRIGHT STU-E ANDY SPOFF TEX JON BUCCIERI STEELZ  ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã ‰Ðö ‰Ðã  ROOM 2 - JACKIN, HOUSE & BASS, DEEP HOUSE   ‰ÐÛ ‰ÐÛ - DJ'S ON THE NIGHT - ‰ÐÛ   BILLY SIMMONS & PHIL BLYTHE CHRIS DUTTON LOUIE MAC  ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ENTRY ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÊ ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ‰ÐÂ  ‰?¡ 11PM - 6AM  ‰÷Ý ADMISSION - START AT ONLY å£10 WITH ADVANCE TICKETS. More on the door! ‰÷Ý DRESSCODE - Super Stylish / Ultra Sexy / No Hats, Hoods or Sportswear  ARRIVE EARLY TO THIS EVENT TO GUARANTEE ENTRY !!!!  ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ TICKETS ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ‰ÐÛ  STANDARD å£10  LIMITED VIP å£15   Includes Que Jump, Access to the VIP area, Drink order service and more  ‰÷Ý DELIVERED TO YOU BY PROMO TEAM (T&C'S APPLY) ‰÷_ 07766193777  ‰÷Ý ONLINE/BY POST- Send payment via PayPal to fbdjstue@gmail.com Put postal address in notes section when making payment   ‰÷Ý Music Junkee, 62-64 Cambridge Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 2759035  ‰÷Ý Embrace Nightclub, 1 Burgess Street, Sheffield S1 2HF ‰÷_ 0114 278811  ‰÷Ý BACH Barbers, 7 Market Place, Chapeltown, Sheffield S35 2UU ‰÷_ 0114 2463085  ‰÷Ý SA-Kis, Division Street, Sheffield  ‰÷Ý Rotherham MESSAGE - Amy Rebecca Hawthorne  ‰÷Ý Rotherham, Maltby, Bramley, Wickersley MESSAGE - Bradley Williams  ‰÷Ý Dinnington and surrounding areas CONTACT -Terri Miller  ‰÷Ý South Sheffield - Dore, Totley, Low Edges, Batemoor, Jordanthorpe, Greenhill, Woodseats, Meadowhead, Gleadless, Norton, Ecclesall Road, Abbeydale Road, London Road and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE Billy Simmons or Phil Blythe‰÷_ 07794 585420  North Sheffield - Hillsborough, Wadsley Bridge, Foxhill, Grenoside, High Green, Southey Green, Parson Cross, Ecclesfield, Shiregreen, Wincobank, Firth Park, Pitsmoor and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Tom Hague or Thomas Spin  West Sheffield- Crookes, Stannington, Fullwood, Crosspool and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Thomas Spin  East Sheffield - Darnall, Handsworth, Richmond, Woodhouse, Hackenthorpe, Birley, Manor, Crystal Peaks and surrounding areas to these MESSAGE - Chris Dutton  Barnsley areas ‰÷_ 07766193777  Any other enquiries ‰÷_ 07766193777 BBM - 7C177B18 Bass Heaven shared Reflective Reunion's event. "
spam	" Require $1000 personal loan asap orillia I need a $1000 loan asap. Will pay $1200 back @ $50/week over 6 months. Email with requirements. No overseas crap, no paypal crap. You meet me in person, we sign a binding contract, i get cash and start payments.This ad was posted with the Kijiji mobile app . Latest Kijiji ads. Location: Barrie."
not relevant	" RMJ Berserker ADVERTISEMENT For sale is an RMJ Berserker with rune inscriptions on the handle. Berserkers are offered infrequently in small batches and the handle with rune inscriptions is no longer offered. It is in like new condition with very minimal rubbing/smoothing from sheath. Never used, sharpened, or carried. From the RMJ website: RMJ's Berserker, an all-steel integral design, is based on a 9th century Viking wood axe. The Berserker is made from 4140 differentially hardened alloy steel and featrues a DuraCoat finish. It measures 14 3/4 inches in length with a forward blade dimension of 4 7/8 inches, and weighs 40 ounces (2 1/2 pounds). The Berserker comes standard with a Kydex bottom-eject scabbard. Sale Terms: $600 includes shipping to the continental U.S. Payable by USPS money order, PayPal gift or conventional PayPal (add 3.5% for fees). First unconditional ""I'll take it"" followed by a prompt PM or email gets it. Thanks, but no trades are considered at this time. RMJ Berserker"
spam	" RT @AnotherMe_4280: [Another ±_] Our support's PAYPAL donating'll be finish today. If you want to donate by paypal , plz hurry up! Sorry to ‰Û_"
spam	" RT @AnotherMe_4280: [Another ±_] Our support's PAYPAL donating'll be finish today. If you want to donate by paypal , plz hurry up! Sorry to ‰Û_"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
Negative	" RT @Elite99Owen: This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
spam	 RT @kathyluman: #Win $25 PayPal Cash from @247contests to celebrate Mardi Gras!  http://t.co/WtphgVywnX
Positive	 RT @MissSML: PayPal makes online shopping sooo much easier when you're bored at work _Ù÷£
not relevant	" RT @nad02200: Money going to @RememberBetty .... if interested ,here's my Paypal account : nadege.wojewoda@orange.fr..... thank you #teambe‰Û_"
not relevant	" RT @nad02200: Money going to @RememberBetty .... if interested ,here's my Paypal account : nadege.wojewoda@orange.fr..... thank you #teambe‰Û_"
spam	 RT @sandyv1955: Enter to #win either $100 Amazon GC or $100 Paypal cash from @PracticalMommy2 in the For the Love of Fans #Giveaway!  http:‰Û_
Positive	 RT @Tonypsd: HOLY SH*T It's on KTVU news too lol! My paypal alert won't stop ringing! http://t.co/BKtWDhDfCi
Positive	 RT @Tonypsd: HOLY SH*T It's on KTVU news too lol! My paypal alert won't stop ringing! http://t.co/BKtWDhDfCi
not relevant	" Rules No LOWBALLING! Paypal only YOU pay first...idc about how high your feedback is DONT YOU DARE ASK ME WHATS MY LOWEST IF YOU HAVE AN OFFER MAKE IT! PM for More Pics or Questions on Items of sale ALL PRICES ARE NEGOTIABLE! Axe pro -500 -boss bolt -low rise feedneck -Redline - super FreaK kit duece trigger NOT included unless you add for it. It will come with the stock trigger Only trades are a vanquish plus cash GI pants -M - 7/10 -65 Clear frames w/ 6/10 lens- 60 Soft ears-10 JT Strap - 30 All together -70 Axe Pro, Gi Pants, Clear Frames. Get Me A Vanquish"
not relevant	" Rules No LOWBALLING! Paypal only YOU pay first...idc about how high your feedback is DONT YOU DARE ASK ME WHATS MY LOWEST IF YOU HAVE AN OFFER MAKE IT! PM for More Pics or Questions on Items of sale ALL PRICES ARE NEGOTIABLE! ONLY TRADES ARE FOR EMPIRE GEAR OR SS Sandanas/Headbands! UPPED PM8 dm7 virtue board dm7 clamping feedneck matching UL Spare dm9 borad Price-SOLD Nt11 1 of ? (DYE NEVER MADE A POISON COLOR SCHEME NT11). Just Teched and shoots great Comes with spacers case matching UL and dye lube Price - SOLD C13 Wolfpack 4 jersey -M/L -60 Nicki Cuba All Star 2k11 West Coast jersey - 8/10 -L- 70 Dye Slider shorts -10/10 -SOLD Profilers - all black -9/10 - has a green strap - comes with smoke lens -35 Dye C12 pants - Perfect condition no rips - Lg -SOLD GI armpads -L have rips and wear and tear but are still useable - 30 Gi Pants RED -L- 8/10 condition -60 Gi Pants- grey 9.5/10 condition -SOLD Virtue Spire - has sf crown speedfeed, spring ramp in tray - 150 Black Grillz Are NFS Gi Race Pack - 4+7- 8/10 -SOLD Dye Rotor - V3- half dyetree/half black -has spine speedfeed -100 Gi Glide Pack - 3+4 - Camo - 35 Empire Fast Pack - S/m - 20 EVERYTHING you need gearbag sale! GUNS HOPPERS PANTS RARE JERSEYS PADS COME LOOK!"
Positive	 Russel Sadeghpour thanks for your donation of a hunnit bone. #patrons #paypal #cyberSADHU
not relevant	" SALE PENDING, RESERVED UNTIL 02/27/2014FiiO X3 DAP in like new, flawless condition.The back cover was recently factory replaced by FiiO (cost $20 to replace, end-to-end) because there was a minor scratch.virtually indistinguishable from new.All original accessories, manuals, documentation, box, etc. will be included.Firmware is running up-to-date at version 2.1; unit has been factory reset.Selling because I've replaced the X3 with the Sony NWZ-F886, but am not in a massive hurry to sell.Pictures are of the actual unit, retouched only for dust particles. inclusive of shipping (will ship registered with tracking to anywhere), but buyer pays PayPal fees. Serious buyers only. Lowball offers will be ignored. Subsequent offers from lowballers will continue to be ignored regardless of offer.""Neutrality, Clarity, Resolution, Build like a rock, Handsome""M2 Tech HiFace Two Hi-End S/SPDIF Output Interface with BNC connector  4,376 Posts. Joined 3/2010Location: Bottom of the ladder.""Neutrality, Clarity, Resolution, Build like a rock, Handsome""M2 Tech HiFace Two Hi-End S/SPDIF Output Interface with BNC connector  HiFiman HE-500 (HE as in High End) Impressions and  The iBasso DX50 Thread - Latest firmware: 1.2.8  Two new HifiMan players announced: HM700 and HM802 Head-Fi: Covering Headphones, Earphones and Portable Audio"
Negative	" Scam Report Report Type: [Rep Fraud] Impersonation with intent to defraud Virtual item type involved: [CSGO] Counter-Strike: Global Offensive 76561198001125803 (Freetz) | steamname: freetz  20430037 | steamID64: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/ | customURL: http://steamcommunity.com/id/freetzmid/ | steamrep: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001125803 Victim profile: 76561197984758231 | steamname: Mr.Galaxy  12246251 | steamID64: 76561197984758231 | customURL: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984758231/ | steamrep: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984758231 Someone added me through CSLounge, and asked that I trade my M9 Bayonet Slaughter through a middleman, for 600$, then proceeded to tell me he already had someone, and that he would be sending me a friend request shortly Provide Evidence: Never tell your password to anyone. Mr.Galaxy: hi Freetz: Hello Freetz: I heard from re that you would like to sell your knife via midleman? Mr.Galaxy: yessir Mr.Galaxy: Are you from Steam o.o Freetz: From Steamrep Mr.Galaxy: okay Mr.Galaxy: so I just trade you my knife Mr.Galaxy: and thats it? Freetz: That's quite all Mr.Galaxy: okay Mr.Galaxy: i will send trade Mr.Galaxy: then give me 600$ Mr.Galaxy: okay? Freetz: You trade me your knife, then confirm me your paypal transaction Freetz: and I will give re the knife Mr.Galaxy: ROFL Mr.Galaxy: How big of an idiot do you think I am Mr.Galaxy: http://steamrep.com/list/M Mr.Galaxy: Where are you on this list? Mr.Galaxy: Mr.Galaxy: Nt though Mr.Galaxy: impersonating steamrep is a year trade ban Mr.Galaxy: hf Mr.Galaxy: Freetz is now Offline. Attached Files: scammer.png File size: 183 KB Views: 0 555.png File size: 493 KB Views: 0 Pending 76561198001125803 - (Freetz / [CSGO] Counter-Strike: Global Offensive"
not relevant	" Selling a oppo 103-d. Mint condition, includes all accessories.Asking $500 plus ship and Paypal.edit 2/23: I had some house issues arise which are going to divert my time and money for a while . I'm going to postpone the sale for a bit, but will re-open the ad when I get around to selling it again. I've pm'd those with reasonable offers to me as well. I'll leave the ad open this am so people can see this message then close it up this afternoon. Sorry for all the inconvenience. - MK""Sleek, modern styling; Sturdy Construction; Built-in Wi-Fi; Analog/Digital connections; Fast load time """"Fast loading... lightning fast compared to Sony, solid networking capabilities, great picture and sound quality""""Sleek, modern styling; Sturdy Construction; Built-in Wi-Fi; Analog/Digital connections; Fast load time """"Fast loading... lightning fast compared to Sony, solid networking capabilities, great picture and sound quality"" AVS Forum"
not relevant	" Selling my beloved Blue Helios Puck, to fund incoming new toy. I got this new from Helios, and I understand it was one the last ones. Comes with everything you'd expect eg: unworn black Isophrane strap with Helios logo buckle, all links, pelican case guarantee card. I've worn this maybe 8 times CAREFULLY after sizing it to my 7.5inch. so it is in mint cond with the Swiss ETA 2824-2 running perfectly. Looking for US$800 inc Paypal. I and the watch am in Melbourne Australia, so local free postage. OS depends on location. Lowball offers will be ignored. Pics on request. For Sale Stainless Steel Blue Halios Puck with everything"
not relevant	" Selling my Schaumburg Watch full calendar with moon phase. An automatic, 42mm case diameter, brushed steel dial with blue hands. ETA based movement. sapphire crystal. Not having much wrist time with this piece. Watch condition very good, rate at 9/10. very minor scratch near screwed lugs, not noticeable. Warranty expired. Watch is running perfectly. Asking for USD 1,420 (S$1,800). Payment by paypal only. Prefer local (Singapore) sale but international sale are welcome too. Shipment cost will be borne by buyer. Interested buyer please email pohth73@gmail.com . Thanks. FS: Schaumburg Watch full calendar, moon phase"
not relevant	" settigns.cfg is default? any anti virus, firewall(s), webservers? OpenConnect (OSX APP) & WebConnect (OSX Remote PlexConnect Web-Managment) https://forums.plex....onnect-osx-app/ ALL IN ONE LINKS FOR EVERYTHING RELATED TO OSX & A LOT MORE(POST#2): http://forums.plexap...cripts-for-osx/ If you like any of my apps, tutorials or help fixing your plexconnect/pms/plex issues with teamviewer feel free to send me a donation to my donation email via paypal or amazon: wahlman.j@gmail.com https://payments.ama...dui/paymentsend If you would like to donate to plexconnect do that here: https://www.paypal.c...d=73G6GQCN2FTGC Back to top Quote: MultiQuote: Trailers not working-- thanks for the help"
spam	" Shevy's Consult  (1)Do you need a verified paypal or payooneer card here in nigeria? Also do you need a UK sim with home delivering that you can use to make and receive calls here in nigeria.  (2)Are you searching for an expect and intelligent online marketer, that will promote your bussiness, company, and services in more than 10,000 websites in nigeria? Do you need atleast 10,000 likes on your facebook fan page? If yes your search is over.  (3) Website Development: For only N30,000, we will develop a unique responsive website for your artiste/record label/Website. You will use this website to place links of your song, your photographs, updates about your music career or About your Company.. etc  (4) Facebook Fanpage Fans Mgt: This is for artistes/labels who have fanpages and need fans on it. Part of our service is to help promote your page to get 100% Nigerian fans on it. Our charge is N5 per fan, with a minimum order of 1000 fans. Fans are REAL NIGERIANS and will interact with you actively.  (5) Twitter Followers Mgt: This special service is for those who are in need of twitter followers. We supply real foreign based followers at N2.5 each and Nigerian followers at N6 each  (6) Youtube Video Views: Through our network and database, we can get you real youtube views to your video at a very cost effective price. We charge only N1 per view.  (7) Bulk sms services, we will help you send bulk sms to all the mobile number's In each state of the federation. I helped konga send bulksms to people in osun-state last year.  (8)Do you need a professional website for your Bussiness, Professional Blog or an online shopping website? Also if you need a real and genuine money making internet bussiness.  If yes contact me via the following channels:  ALL PRICES ARE NEGOTIABLE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE!!  Contact: #:07063588840 Pin:21D1C3A6  #we are 100 percent efficient & diligent#you won't regret for the patronages#bless u all#A beep or a ping will convince you.  Shevy's Consult  (1)Do you need a verified paypal or payooneer card here in nigeria? Also do you need a UK sim with home delivering that you can use to make and receive calls here in nigeria.  (2)Are you searching for an expect and intelligent online marketer, that will promote your bussiness, company, and services in more than 10,000 websites in nigeria? Do you need atleast 10,000 likes on your facebook fan page? If yes your search is over.  (3) Website Development: For only N30,000, we will develop a unique responsive website for your artiste/record label/Website. You will use this website to place links of your song, your photographs, updates about your music career or About your Company.. etc  (4) Facebook Fanpage Fans Mgt: This is for artistes/labels who have fanpages and need fans on it. Part of our service is to help promote your page to get 100% Nigerian fans on it. Our charge is N5 per fan, with a minimum order of 1000 fans. Fans are REAL NIGERIANS and will interact with you actively.  (5) Twitter Followers Mgt: This special service is for those who are in need of twitter followers. We supply real foreign based followers at N2.5 each and Nigerian followers at N6 each  (6) Youtube Video Views: Through our network and database, we can get you real youtube views to your video at a very cost effective price. We charge only N1 per view.  (7) Bulk sms services, we will help you send bulk sms to all the mobile number's In each state of the federation. I helped konga send bulksms to people in osun-state last year.  (8)Do you need a professional website for your Bussiness, Professional Blog or an online shopping website? Also if you need a real and genuine money making internet bussiness.  If yes contact me via the following channels:  ALL PRICES ARE NEGOTIABLE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE!!  Contact: #:07063588840 Pin:21D1C3A6  #we are 100 percent efficient & diligent#you won't regret for the patronages#bless u all#A beep or a ping will convince you. "
not relevant	" ShockerRepair.com DO NOT OFFER ME TRADES Well, it's now 2012 and another season is quickly approaching. So I figured I would make a fresh thread so everyone can gear up for the new season. Everything here works great. Most of what you see here, I probably have more of. Additionally, I have more parts that aren't even posted here. So if there's something you need or want, pm me or email me at shockerrepair@gmail.com and I will let you know if I have it. Paypal payments are preferred. Most prices are firm. Boards Virtue Shocker OLED board and grips (SFT or NXT) - SOLD 09 NXT Tournament board (SFT or NXT) - $40 Nerve Ramping board (SFT or NXT) - $19 Feednecks Stock NXT (black, good condition) - $4 Stock NXT (olive, bad condition) - $2 Random SFT (gloss black, fair condition) - $3 CCM Clamping (gloss silver, black band, new, not pictured) - $20 NDZ SFT twist lock (gloss blue, good condition) - SOLD Hybrid SFT clamping (dust black, very good condition) - SOLD NDZ SFT clamping (gloss silver, very good condition) - SOLD Qlock SFT clamping (silver and red, very good condition) - SOLD Vertical asa NDZ 15 degree (clear, partially sanded, fair condition) - $10 Blue sft (fair condition) - $8 Black sft (fair condition) - $8 Bloodlines (gloss black, brand new) - $11 Bloodlines (dust black, brand new, not pictured) - $12 Triggers NDZ SFT Rip (excellent condition) - $11 Dynasty SFT (sanded, fair condition) - $9 Bolt Parts: HE Can (gloss black) - $15 HE Can (silver) - $14 Stock Can* (silver) - $8 Stock Can* (blue) - $10 NDZ v3 Stinger bolt** - SOLD Stock bolt, modded porting** - $12 Stock bolt** - $10 HE bolt** - $15 Bolt sleeve (delrin, white) - $20 Bolt sleeve (aluminum, black) - $14 *I can high flow mod stock can's for $3 extra **I can add QEV holes to any bolt for $3 extra ***Add $5 each if you want a spring modded bolt ****Add $8 for a Rhino spring -If you don't see it, I may have it, just ask HE bolt guide (silver) - $14 NXT HE bolt guide (black) - $15 HE bolt guide (blue) - SOLD NDZ v1 adjustable bolt guide (silver) - SOLD Dark HE bolt guide (dust black) - SOLD NDZ adjustable bolt guide v1 (gloss black, good condition, 3 available, second picture) - $20 each Bloodlines tool-less pear bolt guide (gloss black, like new, not pictured) - $15 Electronic Parts: Humphrey upper boards - $29 each Parker upper boards* - $29 each Humphrey solenoid complete - $68 Parker solenoid complete - $60 *I can solder on a new upper board and ship it back for $10 extra * I can repair your screw damaged Parker solenoids, email me for pricing Solenoid prices are FIRM Wire harness - $7 each SFT reflective eyes - $20 NXT breakbeam eyes - $21 Luxe eyes - $30 Virtue NXT laser eyes (used, no longer made) - SOLD Virtue NXT laser eyes (new, no longer made) - SOLD Manifolds Nerve manifold (red) - $14 NDZ Stainless Steel manifold (no orings) - $18 NDZ Stainless Steel Manifold (with orings) - $20 Stock manifold (no orings) - $9 Stock manifold (with orings) - $11 Stock manifold (high flow modded, with orings) - $15 SFT snatch grip (gloss black) - $8 (1 SOLD) *I can high flow mod any of these manifolds for $4 extra Screws and Misc. I HAVE MORE THAN PICTURED HERE!!! I literally have every screw. Let me know what you want and we'll discuss a price. Detents - Let me know what you want. I have stock and aftermarket ones. Vision and non-vision. Gauge plug - $5 On/off frame button - $9 Grips Hybrid grips - $12 Smart Parts grips - $10 Ion grips - $8 Bloodlines grips (new, multiple colors/styles, not pictured) - $14 Hybrid 45 (new, leather, gunslinger, not pictured) - $15 Hybrid 45 with window (new, camo, not pictured) - $16 Air Parts: Hybrid rail (multiple colors, all like new) - $12 each Bloodline rail (multiple colors, all like new, not pictured) - $11 each Hybrid 1/4 turn on/off asa (gloss red, like new) - SOLD 1/8"" NPT gauge plug (not pictured, new) - $5 each 300 PSI gauges (not pictured, new and used) - $10-12 each Shocktech reg (dust red, low pressure, new, no fitting) - SOLD Dynasty reg (gloss blue, good condition, 06 style, fitting included) - SOLD TonTon SFT reg (gloss red, great condition, no fitting, not pictured) - SOLD Strange SFT reg (gloss blue, good condition, not pictured) - $21 Stock SFT regs (various colors, not pictured) - $18 ShockerRepair.com's Gear up for Spring Sale - Shocker, SFT, NXT, Luxe, Freak Inserts"
spam	" Shorte ,st is an advertising network based on links that are spread over the Internet. It's well know business model. What's here for you? * Top quality support - its the light in our eyes - really! * High payout rates - others pay more. but do they pay? * Low payout - only $5 (PayPal and Payoneer, paid on 10th of each month) * All the tools that you might want to use: - API - for more technically advanced users - Full page script - for those less technically advanced users - Entry script * Your peace of mind - once you connect with us, well take care of everything! We accept traffic from torrent sites, sharehostigns and many more. accepted : Paypal & Payoneer click here to Sign-up Trick : - put your links shorte in : www.likesasap.com , www.followerslikehits.com Here is the tip that I can give you... 1. Share Facebook Images Links, like funny or scary photos and trending photos out there. No need to upload the photo, just view the uploaded image by others and then right on the image and copy the image link/location then that link you copied must shorten with your shorte.st account and share it on Facebook. This will surely increase your earnings. 2. YouTube Video links; like funny videos, scary videos and trending videos, just search on YouTube and you will find a lot to share, just copy the link of every video then shorten the link and use that for sharing on Facebook, twitter or on any social media. 3. Blog Post Links: offcourse if you are a blogger you may shorten your link first before sharing it to any social media for you to earn from sharing your latest useful articles. New Proof : click here to Sign-up Earn money with New URL Shortener + Trick + New Proof 72$"
spam	" Should you would want to receive more info with regards to celecoxib assure visit Pharmacy Lookup .First things first, I just want to pay off up a number of myths about working inside a pharmacy. Once the right spot is determined, think outside of the box. If you think that there is doubt in prescription details, request proper identification. As these online pharmacies are developing daily almost all kinds of medicines which are available in medical stores can also be found there. My heart ached for them because their doctors were only hurting them by increasing their dosages and allowing them to become so dependent on drugs. Order celecoxib argentina. During christmas, Meadow's stocks a wide variety of beautiful holiday ornaments and home decor. Louis University props up belief in educating the whole person; mind, body, heart, and spirit; which has a strong commitment to ensuring students become leaders with sound ethical and moral values. There are very a number of good pharmacy tech schools, each on the internet and at campuses, which will give you the instruction you are going to need in a very short amount of time, typically from four months to 2 many years. Nonetheless, this is often a cheaper option than a great many other online pharmacy technician schools and may be suited to those on a decent budget. Most patients were paying a nice income for their insurance and were often upset when their prescriptions required a $50 co-pay, or that they had not met their $4,000 deductable and must pay for the entire cost out-of-pocket. Ask the managers of the places where you enjoy shopping if they provide these types of programs, should you aren't already frequenting CVS and Winn-Dixie. celecoxib order online no membership overnight. celecoxib on sale cheap online. Buy celecoxib please give me. Instead, I simply copied the url and pasted it into my browser window, and created exactly what I knew I would- another ""Canadian Pharmacy"" web site. Courses in math, health and life sciences will establish just the kind of foundation you'll need once you start school for pharmacy technician training. Then it lists 4 points which I am reproducing exactly as written:. buy celecoxib fast celecoxib online consultation how to buy celecoxib legally online. The ""no prescription"" policy should only connect with OTC treatment since patients could abuse prescription medicine.Tags:buy celecoxib fastWhere to buy celecoxib online without prescriptionhow to get a doctor to prescript celecoxib celecoxib cash on deliveryRecommended daily celecoxib dosagebuy discount discount celecoxib in ALcelecoxib overnight COD no prescriptioncan i buy celecoxib over the counterbuy celecoxib cr canadaCheap celecoxib no prescription nextday shippingbuy celecoxib drugcelecoxib no script needed cod Overnight How To Get celecoxib Prescriptionno prescription celecoxibbuy celecoxib in brazil discount celecoxib without prescription buy online us celecoxib buy celecoxib online canadabuy celecoxib legitcod celecoxibcelecoxib cod saturday deliverycelecoxib how much can you takeorder celecoxib online cod how to get prescription of celecoxibcelecoxib Overnight fed ex Buy celecoxib overnight shippingFind cheap celecoxib no prescriptiondiscount celecoxib no prescriptionhow to buy celecoxib online without a perscriptionbuy celecoxib walmartnon perscription cheap celecoxibbuy cheap cheap celecoxib ed genericBuy celecoxib sale online no prescription Fast Shippingbuy celecoxib from uscanadian prescriptins celecoxibDoes celecoxib have aspirin in itcelecoxib from mexico without prescriptioncelecoxib buy in UK celecoxib cheap no prescription buy prescriptin celecoxib onlinebest way to buy celecoxibcelecoxib and overnightcelecoxib no rx fed ex celecoxib from mexico without prescriptioncheapest buy celecoxib onlinecelecoxib cheap celecoxib without a rxcelecoxib bladder infections elderly buy celecoxib in Netherlandsovernight celecoxib codbuy celecoxib with no insuranceCost At celecoxib kupitbuy cheap celecoxib no prescriptinAlternative to celecoxib Pediatric celecoxib dosingUrine test for celecoxibBuy celecoxib please give me celecoxib shippedŒÕ¡OD on saturday deliveryNo presciption celecoxibcelecoxib overnight without prescription celecoxib without prescription medications buy celecoxib medication codbuy brand buy celecoxib usa online pharmacycelecoxib free shippingBuy celecoxib Online without prescription Buy celecoxib in El Pasohow to buy celecoxib in the ukBuy celecoxib in Cleveland celecoxib free fedex shippingcelecoxib order online no membership overnightbuy celecoxib online without a perscription and no membershipcelecoxib order onlineovernight celecoxib without a perscriptioncelecoxib no prescription required us celecoxib cod sales celecoxib for restless legscheap overnight celecoxibbuying celecoxib over the counter for salecelecoxib shipped cash oncelecoxib 3 days deliverycelecoxib metabolism timecelecoxib no rx neededcelecoxib online with no prescription or membershipcelecoxib cod overnightcelecoxib on sale cheap onlinecash on delivery celecoxib no rxcelecoxib fast delivery no doctorscod celecoxib no rxcelecoxib no script required express delivery celecoxib without prescriptionnon generic celecoxib no perscriptioncelecoxib online purchaseorder celecoxib without a prescriptioncelecoxib celecoxib medication onlinewhere can i buy celecoxib pillsbuy celecoxib using paypal free overnight pharmacy celecoxiborder celecoxib online by fedexcelecoxib shipped by upsbuy celecoxib hydrochloride 50 mgcelecoxib Cheap Online celecoxib Online fed exbuy celecoxib money orderbuy celecoxib online through paypalcelecoxib without prescriptin shipped overnight expressNon perscription cheap celecoxibcelecoxib in mexico without prescriptionuy celecoxib for cash on deliverycelecoxib cod next daycelecoxib fedex without a perscriptioncelecoxib fda patient information celecoxib allergy cold fastmelts cheap online pharmacy celecoxibwhere can i buy celecoxib forumPropoxyphene and celecoxibcelecoxib with no presciptionbuy celecoxib withoutcelecoxib without doctor rxCheap celecoxib no prescription next day deliverybuy celecoxib mastercard cod saturday celecoxibcelecoxib order online no membership overnight buy celecoxib overnight fedexcelecoxib for phobias in dogscelecoxib buy onlinebuy celecoxib in KingstonOrder celecoxib argentinaBuy celecoxib no prescription USA FedEx shippingbuy celecoxib from online pharmacy with saturday deliveryBuy celecoxib USA Online no prescriptiononline pharmacies no prescription celecoxibcheap celecoxibbuy celecoxib online legally from canadabuying celecoxib online without prescriptionbuy celecoxib online with our presciption consulationbuy celecoxib in BismarckHow to buy celecoxib online without a perscriptionovernight celecoxib online buy celecoxib faqcelecoxib drug no prescription online ordering celecoxibno prescriptions celecoxib for celecoxibcelecoxib without a perscriptionsCash on delivery celecoxib overnight celecoxib delivery to US Floridabuy celecoxib without perscription celecoxib on sale cheap online celecoxib cash on delivery buy celecoxib without a perscriptioncelecoxib cheap fed ex deliverycelecoxib to buybuy celecoxib no prescription purchase celecoxib USA Deliverycelecoxib fedex delivery order celecoxib online no membership overnight shippingcelecoxib online consultationOrder celecoxib online without prescriptionforum buy celecoxib online cheap celecoxib no rx order celecoxib on linecelecoxib without a prescriptin or doctornon prescriptin cheap celecoxibcan u legally buy celecoxib onlinegeneric celecoxib tablets buy celecoxib and pay by codbuy celecoxib in Atlantacelecoxib without prescriptin overnight shipping buy celecoxib us pharmacy online buy celecoxib with no rx buy celecoxib for saturday deliveryfedex delivery celecoxib buy celecoxib placebowhere to buy discount celecoxibbuy celecoxib usa cod cheap celecoxib without rxbuy celecoxib sun pharmacycelecoxib with free fedex overnightcelecoxib delivered Overnight order celecoxib online without prescriptionbuy celecoxib online without prescriptionbuy celecoxib legally onlinehow to buy celecoxib legally online Runescape Guides to Skill,Money,Items,Hacks,Cheats,Leveling,Tips,Quests -"
spam	" Since Friday, we have been getting emails about tarred Common Murres sighted in Huntington Beach.  If you see any, please call the Oiled Bird Reporting Hotline at 877-823-6926 and follow the prompts.     Oil seeping from the ocean floor takes a toll on seabirds.  Every winter, the Wetlands and Wildlife Care Center receives dozens of seabirds coated in crude oil and tar.  The naturally occurring oil bubbles up and afflicts birds every winter which keeps our center busy.  Your donations help us to continue our efforts and are much appreciated.    To make a donation,  click on our PayPal button here:   https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=LBY2HNSJM6NHA  Or if you prefer, mail in your check to: Wetlands and Wildlife Care Center, 21900 Pacific Coast Highway, Huntington Beach, CA 92646 Tricia Morrisette shared Wetlands & Wildlife Care Center's photo.  Timeline Photos"
not relevant	" SOLD PPRyse Son of Rome - å£27Both mint condition.Price and currency: å£26Delivery: Delivery cost is IncludedPayment method: PayPal Gift or BT ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" SOLD: Survive! GSO 6 - Numbered / Mint ADVERTISEMENT For Sale: Survive! Knives GSO 6.0 (Numbered #054) Outstanding Condition. Has only been drawn in and out of the kydex sheath. Never used / Never Sharpened. OAL: 10.85"" Handle: Camouflage Micarta / lightly polished / bow drill divot Blade: CPM 3V, 6"" long, 1.5"" high, 3/16"" thick Sheath: Survive! Kydex SOLD ($260) Payment: Paypal (Paypal Gift or add 4% for Paypal Merchandise) Paypal address and email are both: Leonard713@gmail.com Shipping: USPS Priority Mail - shipped next mail day after payment receipt Send email or PM if you have any questions, first ""I'll Take It"" gets the knife. Thanks much for looking! Attached Images IMG_1724.jpg (64.0 KB, 60 views) IMG_1723.jpg (71.7 KB, 59 views) IMG_1725.jpg (74.8 KB, 39 views) Last edited by Philip L; 02-21-2014 at 05:23 PM . SOLD: Survive! GSO 6 - Numbered / Mint"
spam	" Soooo! Happy for you! Congrats! Give yourself more credit your the one sticking to the plan! Happy dance in the GC! My Wallet: Ace US Bank $6000 / Walmart Discover $6000 / US Bank Cash+ $5500 / Discover IT $5000 / Care Credit $5000 / PayPal SmartConnect $4000 / Sam's Discover $4000 / Barclay Ring $3550 / Cap1 Quicksilver $3500 / Last App 10/25/13 / Gardening until 7/1/14 I got it, I got it, I got the assignment T..."
spam	 Speaking of doing good....I'm offering a $ 100 paypal money to one of my instagram followers. I know that the holidays can be hard and th
not relevant	" Spyderco GB Air (SOLD) and Benchmade 556 Mini-Griptilian (Still available) ADVERTISEMENT Spyderco Air by Gayle Bradley (C159GFP) is new in the box . The box shows some shelf wear (see pics). I've never removed the knife from the sealed plastic bag (not even to take the pictures below). Price: SOLD Benchmade 556 Mini-Griptilian MDP is new in the box. Because the knife came in an open ended plastic bag, I removed it to take the pictures below. Price: $75.00 Both knives come with the original boxes and any papers, cloth bags, etc that were in the box when I bought them. The Air was bought online from a knife shop and the Mini-Griptilian was bought from a local gun shop. I have not carried either knife. I'm selling these two knives to pay for a Spyderco Kopa. I only accept payment through PayPal and only ship to the United States. I cover PayPal fees and shipping (with tracking). If for any reason the knife is not what you were expecting, return it to me (at your cost) within 7 days after receiving the knife and, upon receiving the knife back, I will refund the full price you paid for the knife. This is the first time I've sold knives on the forum = going through all the steps for the first time. If I've missed some information you need, please let this newbie know. Oops - just learned I can only post 5 images in a single post, so I'll attach the spydie pics here and the benchmade pics in a second post (hopefully I can do that). Thanks for taking a look. Attached Images air pic 1 small.jpg (50.3 KB, 43 views) air pic 2 small.jpg (59.0 KB, 62 views) air pic 3 small.jpg (92.5 KB, 62 views) air pic 4 small.jpg (81.3 KB, 59 views) Last edited by paynter; Yesterday at 07:52 PM . Paynter Remember Rule #9 Spyderco GB Air (SOLD) and Benchmade 556 Mini-Griptilian (Still available)"
not relevant	" Staple singers...Power of love...Epic...ex...å£40...........................................................................Sonny Childe...Love is in the air...Music factory...ex...å£20............................................................................................Dyna-might...Soul as no color...ex...å£20.................................................................Billy sha-rae...I`m gone...Spectrum...ex...å£40.........................................................................Marrgie Hendrix...One room paradise...mercury...ex...å£50.............................................................................................Tony Ashley...I`ll never be satisfied...Forte...ex...å£25.......................................................................................Piney Brown...Everything but you...Deep groove...ex...å£30.............................................................................................Bobbie Jean Bland...I`m satisfied just loving you...Sack...ex...å£40.........................................................................................................Shirley Combs...This road(getting hard)...Lisa...ex...å£30..........................................................................................Henry Ford...I love you,and need you...Starfall...ex...å£40...........................................................................................Sam Hutchins...Big D breakdown...agp...ex...å£20...............................................................................Mystics...I really love you...Teak...ex...å£30.....................................................................All records ex or better,priced to sell.All payment methods accepted,but prefer paypal(gift or add 4%).Postage is å£2.50 Europe...worldwide å£5.Thanks for looking,interested in anything please get in touch via pm`s.Regards.....Neil. northern soul source sales vinyl 45s"
spam	" Stevanovich/ShutterstockAs she paged through Viking River Cruises' glossy brochure one recent afternoon, Diane Moskal noticed a new way to save money: If she booked the Waterways of the Tsars itinerary sailing from Moscow to St. Petersburg with something called an e-check, the cruise line promised to knock $100 off the fare.An e-check is an electronic debit to your checking account, and it's billed as a quick, convenient way to pay for your vacation that is ""as easy as providing your credit card number,"" according to Viking.But like any smart traveler, Moskal wasn't content with that explanation. ""I see that the cruise lines advocate consumer savings if you pay by e-check,"" she says. But she also found several complaints online, which made her hesitate. She wondered: Are e-checks safe?As airlines, hotels and cruise lines offer new ways to pay for their products, Moskal's question resonates across the entire travel industry. On several airlines, including American, Southwest and United, you can book a ticket through PayPal. Virgin Galactic made a splash late last year when it announced that it would accept Bitcoin for its spaceflights. One hostel in San Francisco, the Pacific Tradewinds, famously offers a 30 percent discount to guests who pay with the digital currency.While Viking River's e-check option isn't new - it's been available since 2008 - the concerns raised by Moskal and others are. It turns out that there are several important differences between paying by e-check and paying by credit card. And given the popularity of new electronic payment choices, it's a good time to understand how they work.Americans made 22.1 billion electronic payments using options such as e-checks in 2012, the most recent year for which numbers are available, according to a recent Federal Reserve study. The number of transactions grew at an annual rate of 5.1 percent from 2009 to 2012, the Fed reports. By comparison, consumers conducted 26.2 billion credit card transactions in 2012, and those numbers grew at a somewhat faster 7.6 percent annual rate.The benefits to companies are obvious: They avoid paying any fees associated with credit cards and they receive the customer's money right away, deposited directly into their merchant bank. But consumers have an advantage, too, at least according to companies like Viking.""Guests who pay via e-check receive a discount of two percent, which reflects a savings that Viking passes on to the guest by not having to pay a fee to a credit card company,"" says Viking spokesman Ian Jeffries. He says that the company also recommends payment via e-check as an alternative to a credit card so that you can avoid any interest rates or fees that some credit card companies may charge.Viking is hardly alone. One recent study found that a quarter of airlines worldwide offer some form of alternative electronic payment option. As companies try to escape the high merchant fees charged by credit cards, these payment choices are bound to become more common in the near future.""Conventionally, the discounted pay-by-e-check transactions are processed through the traveler's bank, given the customer's bank routing numbers and checking or savings account numbers,"" says Oliver McGee, a former U.S. deputy assistant secretary of transportation for technology policy and a professor at Howard University.E-checks come in two basic flavors: Check21 electronic payment processing, which is more flexible but also more expensive, and the more restricted ACH wire deposit payments, which are commonly used for handling direct deposits for employees and for paying bills.As a practical matter, setting up an e-check involves giving the travel company basic bank information, typically gained through the bank's routing numbers, as well as your account number, and authorizing the transaction.But you also sacrifice something when you're paying with an e-check. As with paper checks, once the money is deposited into the company's account, your ability to reverse the charges is limited. Your right to dispute an e-check travel purchase is governed by either the ACH or Check21 terms and conditions as well as the electronic fraud protection conditions of your financial institution.By comparison, a credit card purchase is protected by federal law under the Fair Credit Billing Act, which, among other things, lets you dispute charges for products you didn't accept or that weren't delivered as agreed, and which can quickly fix a billing error.""You have more leeway to dispute a purchase made with a credit card,"" says David Bakke, who edits the personal finance Web siteMoney Crashers .If an e-check booking goes wrong - say, for example, that your cruise line files for bankruptcy protection and you want a refund - you may lose your money. Bakke says that e-checks can be reversed in only three cases: if you didn't authorize the purchase, if the e-check was processed on a date earlier than authorized or if the amount of the processed transaction is different from what was authorized. Otherwise, the money is as good as gone.While complaints about e-checks are rare, grievances with companies over wired money appear to be increasingly common. Not a week seems to go by that someone doesn't ask me to help retrieve money that had been wired to a company or an individual. These transactions are difficult, if not impossible, to undo. Generally, if you're dealing with a small local company or an individual, you can kiss the cash goodbye.If you're having trouble with a business - any business - and you've reached a dead end, maybe we can help. Luggage Pros Offers a huge selection of luggage, bags, briefcases, handbags, laptop bags, travel accessories and more.  EuroFlightDelays.com Helps passengers on canceled or delayed flights to or from Europe determine whether or not they are eligible for compensation under European Union rules.  Cheap Flights Great flight deals and the best travel guides.  TourSaver This pocket-sized coupon book is full of Alaska travel deals and Alaska's top attractions.  InsureMyTrip.com Ratings and reviews to help you quote, compare, and buy insurance from all the major travel insurance providers. saving time, money and avoiding hassles when you're on the road . It's filled with expert advice and fascinating cases that will makeChristopher Elliott is a consumer advocate and journalist. This is his site. Elliott"
spam	" Stevanovich/ShutterstockAs she paged through Viking River Cruises' glossy brochure one recent afternoon, Diane Moskal noticed a new way to save money: If she booked the Waterways of the Tsars itinerary sailing from Moscow to St. Petersburg with something called an e-check, the cruise line promised to knock $100 off the fare.An e-check is an electronic debit to your checking account, and it's billed as a quick, convenient way to pay for your vacation that is ""as easy as providing your credit card number,"" according to Viking.But like any smart traveler, Moskal wasn't content with that explanation. ""I see that the cruise lines advocate consumer savings if you pay by e-check,"" she says. But she also found several complaints online, which made her hesitate. She wondered: Are e-checks safe?As airlines, hotels and cruise lines offer new ways to pay for their products, Moskal's question resonates across the entire travel industry. On several airlines, including American, Southwest and United, you can book a ticket through PayPal. Virgin Galactic made a splash late last year when it announced that it would accept Bitcoin for its spaceflights. One hostel in San Francisco, the Pacific Tradewinds, famously offers a 30 percent discount to guests who pay with the digital currency.While Viking River's e-check option isn't new - it's been available since 2008 - the concerns raised by Moskal and others are. It turns out that there are several important differences between paying by e-check and paying by credit card. And given the popularity of new electronic payment choices, it's a good time to understand how they work.Americans made 22.1 billion electronic payments using options such as e-checks in 2012, the most recent year for which numbers are available, according to a recent Federal Reserve study. The number of transactions grew at an annual rate of 5.1 percent from 2009 to 2012, the Fed reports. By comparison, consumers conducted 26.2 billion credit card transactions in 2012, and those numbers grew at a somewhat faster 7.6 percent annual rate.The benefits to companies are obvious: They avoid paying any fees associated with credit cards and they receive the customer's money right away, deposited directly into their merchant bank. But consumers have an advantage, too, at least according to companies like Viking.""Guests who pay via e-check receive a discount of two percent, which reflects a savings that Viking passes on to the guest by not having to pay a fee to a credit card company,"" says Viking spokesman Ian Jeffries. He says that the company also recommends payment via e-check as an alternative to a credit card so that you can avoid any interest rates or fees that some credit card companies may charge.Viking is hardly alone. One recent study found that a quarter of airlines worldwide offer some form of alternative electronic payment option. As companies try to escape the high merchant fees charged by credit cards, these payment choices are bound to become more common in the near future.""Conventionally, the discounted pay-by-e-check transactions are processed through the traveler's bank, given the customer's bank routing numbers and checking or savings account numbers,"" says Oliver McGee, a former U.S. deputy assistant secretary of transportation for technology policy and a professor at Howard University.E-checks come in two basic flavors: Check21 electronic payment processing, which is more flexible but also more expensive, and the more restricted ACH wire deposit payments, which are commonly used for handling direct deposits for employees and for paying bills.As a practical matter, setting up an e-check involves giving the travel company basic bank information, typically gained through the bank's routing numbers, as well as your account number, and authorizing the transaction.But you also sacrifice something when you're paying with an e-check. As with paper checks, once the money is deposited into the company's account, your ability to reverse the charges is limited. Your right to dispute an e-check travel purchase is governed by either the ACH or Check21 terms and conditions as well as the electronic fraud protection conditions of your financial institution.By comparison, a credit card purchase is protected by federal law under the Fair Credit Billing Act, which, among other things, lets you dispute charges for products you didn't accept or that weren't delivered as agreed, and which can quickly fix a billing error.""You have more leeway to dispute a purchase made with a credit card,"" says David Bakke, who edits the personal finance Web siteMoney Crashers .If an e-check booking goes wrong - say, for example, that your cruise line files for bankruptcy protection and you want a refund - you may lose your money. Bakke says that e-checks can be reversed in only three cases: if you didn't authorize the purchase, if the e-check was processed on a date earlier than authorized or if the amount of the processed transaction is different from what was authorized. Otherwise, the money is as good as gone.While complaints about e-checks are rare, grievances with companies over wired money appear to be increasingly common. Not a week seems to go by that someone doesn't ask me to help retrieve money that had been wired to a company or an individual. These transactions are difficult, if not impossible, to undo. Generally, if you're dealing with a small local company or an individual, you can kiss the cash goodbye. After I explained the differences in payment methods to Moskal, she consulted her travel agent, who booked her on the Viking riverboat cruise to Russia this fall. ""She never raised the question of paying by anything other than credit card,"" says Moskal.If you're having trouble with a business - any business - and you've reached a dead end, maybe we can help. EuroFlightDelays.com Helps passengers on canceled or delayed flights to or from Europe determine whether or not they are eligible for compensation under European Union rules.  InsureMyTrip.com Ratings and reviews to help you quote, compare, and buy insurance from all the major travel insurance providers.  Travel Insurance Squaremouth.com helps travelers easily and instantly compare all the major travel insurance plans.  Keep Your Cooler Insulated Cooler Bags: Ideal travel accessory. Many exclusive styles & sizes, perfect for carry on.  Away is Home The Elliott family is on an open-ended trip around the world. Find out what they're doing now. saving time, money and avoiding hassles when you're on the road . It's filled with expert advice and fascinating cases that will makeChristopher Elliott is a consumer advocate and journalist. This is his site. Alltop RSS"
spam	" Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! + FREE DELIVERY in Huntingdon and St.ives (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks  Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! + FREE DELIVERY in Huntingdon and St.ives (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks "
spam	" Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! + FREE DELIVERY in Peterborough and surrounding areas (T&C Apply)   (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks  Stop smoking, start vaping and SAVE money - GET YOURS NOW!! + FREE DELIVERY in Peterborough and surrounding areas (T&C Apply)   (PayPal Accepted)  Starter kits - RRP å£19.98 OUR PRICE å£16.99 - (Kit consists of 1 Grade A battery, 1 Clearomiser, Charging lead and 1 E-liquid of your choice). Kits come in pink, blue, stainless steel, black and white colours. (The ego-CE battery is USB rechargeable and the charger is also included.  SPECIAL DEAL!! Double kits (2 batteries, 2 Clearomisers, charging lead in a case +2 extra Clearomisers and 2 free E-Liquids) - RRP å£49.99 OUR PRICE å£39.99  Clearomisers - RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each or 4 for å£14.99 (Please read below about warranty on this item)  Leather Zip Case - (Colours in Black. Blue, Purple, Red and White) - RRP å£3.99 OUR PRICE å£3.50 (Picture is for illustration purposes only, does NOT include kit!)  E-Liquid 10ML  E-Liquids x1 RRP å£4.99 OUR PRICE å£4.50 each E-Liquids x3 RRP å£14.97 OUR PRICE å£12.99 E-Liquids x6 RRP å£29.94 OUR PRICE å£22.99  Flavours- IN STOCK RIGHT NOW!!  Cherry Blossom 18mg Strawberry Fields 18mg Tutti Fruity 24mg Virginia Blend 12mg Double mint 12mg Red Cola 18mg Menthol 18mg & 12mg Blueberry Mist 18mg Ice Mint 24mg Double Apple 18mg Raspberry Menthol 18mg Tobacco 18mg  More flavours in different strengths coming soon.  IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT Atomiser, Cartomiser, Cartridge, Clearomiser and Battery Care  Please note: warranty on these cartomizers are DOA only. The clearomizers do only have a limited life span. They can last from 2-4 weeks plus depending on usage.  These products are sold as disposable products and therefore fall outside of our normal 30 day warranty.  Please ensure that you check your cartomiser/clearomiser/cartridge as soon as you receive it.  Batteries (Ego type) typically have a lifespan of 2-6 months depending upon usage and charging care (We recommend you charge for only 2 hour periods at a time, as continuous charging can reduce the life of a battery!!.  Please note we do not cover damage or faults arising from misuse, mis-threading issues (unless reported within 24hrs of delivery), accidental damage. Items will have to be returned to us for assessment.  FAQ's  Who can purchase from Ecig Specialists? Anyone over the age of 18 can purchase from Ecig Specialists, whether it be for yourself or for a family member or friend.  Delivery costs within the UK are as follows:  Standard å£2.99 Special Delivery å£6.99 Delivery to European Countries: å£9.99 Delivery to the rest of the world: å£16.99  How soon will my order arrive?  If you live in the UK and your order has been sent by standard post, you should expect delivery within 2-3 working days. However, please allow up to 10 working days for delivery.  If you live in the UK and have placed your order by Special Delivery and your order was placed before 3pm, you should expect delivery by 1pm the following working day.  If you live outside of the UK, orders normally take around 5-10 working days to be delivered, but please allow up to 25 working days.  Please inbox us for further information. Many thanks "
Negative	 Successful Paypal Login using Paypal Login API Integration returns the expected data empty: I have an issue th... http://t.co/pwcwbLegMK
not relevant	 Thanks again tim glad to buy from you IL Jet Riders Member #2 90 X2 750 92 X2 750 95 X2 650 92 Jetmate viper 8000 92 SC 750 93 Thunderjet F15 Paypal= jwielgot@gmail.com bigdogtim A++++
Positive	 Thanks for the heads up. I never ever click on any links through my mail. Paypal Fraud alert: Just giving you guys a heads up
Positive	" Thanks I sent an email to the customer service. The internet says that paypal is different than paysafe.Paysafe is very common here,and that you can't turn the money from paysafe to paypal.Paysafe can be bought almost everywhere while paypal only from banks. Histwar prob"
not relevant	 Thanks to @lawrencestone1 for his donation to 1894 group kippax day. å£610 raised å£590 to go. Donate via paypal - the1894group@yahoo.co.uk
not relevant	" These are also known as bank-owned or real estate owned (REO). Your purchase is secure with eBay Buyer Protection (PayPal only)., anter vasna hindi sexsi store com National Guideline Clearinghouse | Gefitinib for t. anter vasna hindi sexsi store com, Has anyone taken this and if so did you find it gave you the same relief as Percocet or Vicodin?MARISELA PLEMMONS Matches: 7, 0. No. of seasons4 Ridiculousness chanel west coast nude Kansas City, MO, anter vasna hindi sexsi store com On-Camera Flash Estan como para chupar las tangas"" y pegarles una full mamada de culo y torta, aunque ayan ido a cagar no me importa, yo me pierdo en esos culos. anter vasna hindi sexsi store com, Eso culotes muy ricosBrayan dice. If you are traveling from the Lincoln Tunnel follow signs for RT 3 West, take racetrack exit for Meadowlands Sports Complex. Enter Sports Complex and follow signs for the Flea Market.CDC and ASTHO Release Policy Toolkit for Healthcar.Ltd. anter vasna hindi sexsi store com, Plump Teen (96536) Delray Beach , FL Patrick Griffin Program Rozenek TO KLAPA! With each sip the stuff tasted worse, and I think I kicked my husband a few times and blamed him for the miserable parts of pregnancy. Foot Fetish (471) Although a range of pharmacotherapeutical options are available for the treatment of bipolar disorder, patient non-adherence to prescribed treatment regimens and early treatment discontinuation remain among the primary obstacles to effective treatment. Therefore, this observational study assessed time on mood stabilizing medication and retention rates in patients with bipolar disorder . . anter vasna hindi sexsi store com: Used Start here.What have I done to my wrist? Mother teaching daughter how to use a vibrator. Click the X icon to remove a property from the search. anter vasna hindi sexsi store com : Cherry Sign Up See points & rewards Action required! Visit:claaz. I m looking out for companies in Russia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Romania and others with strong management bandwidth, scaleable business models and profit making track record for at least 2 - 3 years. Qualsiasi 12. Medical team names funny Sharks lagoon jungle call 2 walkthrough See Tex.Directory of Schools Hot Blonde Ass Fucked And F. Whole-Genome Sequencing, April 20, 2011, Pasche an.The easiest option is private transfer service. The staff could not do enough to help and explained that it was one of the older rooms that had not yet been renovated. In an ovariectomized rat model, estrogen treatment increases choline acetyltransferase activity, which regulates the synthesis of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter that is known to be present at reduced levels in AD (105). Blog Diarrhea after embryo transfer ivf  _Ê_¡_á„Û_µ„ö_ü„â„Î _À„Û__„?____„â„Û _¼_______µ__„â_¡„Û_ü„? „â___È„Î_¼__ _¡__„â__„Û„Ä _±_È_____¡. FC2‹ÄÐ‹Ä_‹â¡ ¾Ð¡?Û¬÷Š¼Ü"
spam	" They've been pounding the commercials lately, and I thought it was another BS gimmick like quibids, etc. I signed up to give it a shot, and it looks to be a legit and good site. When you buy online, you go to their site, then link to wherever you're going to buy from (and they have a LOT of sites to link to). They pay you a percentage of what you spend. That's it. There's no catch, which really surprised me. I signed up a month ago and got a few dollars deposited in my paypal already. Not much, but it's free money that came back to me. I'm not usually one for wh0ring stuff, but free money is free money. Here's my referral link to sign up. I definitely recommend it! http://www.ebates.com/rf.do?referrer...V3%2Bbog%3D%3D Last edited by tfergusonracing; 12-22-2013 at 02:20 AM . It takes a big man to admit when he's wrong. I am not a big man. Reply With Quote: 12-22-2013, 08:18 AM #2 j0816 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles Top Dog Join Date Jul 2005 Location LAKE CUMBERLAND, KY. Age 51 Posts 1,912 Blog Entries 1 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! I joined, I figured ""what the h ell"" might as well try it. ""Evil happens when good men do nothing"" ""Five days a week my body is a temple,the other two it's a amusement park!"" ¤?‹âÕ‹?Ü‹âÛ Reply With Quote: 12-22-2013, 11:36 AM #3 tfergusonracing View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Nov 2005 Location Right in the lumberyard, Danny... Age 36 Posts 13,615 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! The biggest problem is remembering to go to that site FIRST, then linking to wherever from there. I order from Amazon a lot, and I've forgotten to go to ebates first. It takes a big man to admit when he's wrong. I am not a big man. Reply With Quote: 12-22-2013, 01:18 PM #4 nightrider05 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Jun 2006 Location The Show Me State - STL Posts 7,681 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! I wonder if this is something similar to what Xh20 uses? I know they have an area that they want you post what you are buying, and they get a percentage. Reply With Quote: 12-22-2013, 02:01 PM #5 nightrider05 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Jun 2006 Location The Show Me State - STL Posts 7,681 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! I almost forgot.. LEAVE ME ALONE SCAMMER!! Reply With Quote: 12-23-2013, 01:29 AM #6 tfergusonracing View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Nov 2005 Location Right in the lumberyard, Danny... Age 36 Posts 13,615 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! Originally Posted by nightrider05 I wonder if this is something similar to what Xh20 uses? I know they have an area that they want you post what you are buying, and they get a percentage. I would bet that that's identical to what they use. Facebook, Amazon, and a lot of other sites have links to go buy stuff. I guess that's how they're making more/extra money. Apparently this has been around for quite a while and some genius finally figured out how to cash in while giving money back to the buyer. BRILLIANT! Originally Posted by nightrider05 I almost forgot.. LEAVE ME ALONE SCAMMER!! I told you, I'm in the military and stationed in Nigeria. If you don't want your cut of the $235,456,234,234 that you won in the national lottery without even entering, the F you! If you do want it, send me your social security number, shoe size, hours you're not at home, and 9th digit of your car's VIN. Good day sir! It takes a big man to admit when he's wrong. I am not a big man. Reply With Quote: 12-28-2013, 08:25 PM #7 tfergusonracing View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Nov 2005 Location Right in the lumberyard, Danny... Age 36 Posts 13,615 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! Bump for free money! It takes a big man to admit when he's wrong. I am not a big man. Reply With Quote: 12-28-2013, 08:35 PM #8 550/440 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Jan 2009 Location Arizona!!! Posts 4,728 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! So, if I sign up under your link, do you get a referral bonus or a cut of my rebates? ""needs carb work"" is a classic excuse for I don't know wtf is wrong! Newmiller powered 2009 EME Q8, 1994 FX-1 (Wife's ski) Big thanks to Newmiller Machine in Oregon for the great work! (Mcn6 on PWCtoday) When I'm selling stuff, I don't play ""dibs"". First one with the money gets the parts. Reply With Quote: 12-28-2013, 09:01 PM #9 fox river pwc View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Join Date Dec 2005 Location Wisconsin Age 45 Posts 10,140 Blog Entries 5 Re: Anybody use Ebates? Free money! tferg's e-mail and pwc today account got hacked again??? WHEN IN DOUBT, GAS IT! Yeah, I'm an @sshole, but I'm not a complete @sshole. Do you enjoy riding in Wisconsin? Click here and join the Badgerland Jet Pilots: http://www.pwctoday.com/forumdisplay.php?f=168 I don't come here to make enemies - only to identify them... Reply With Quote: 12-28-2013, 09:17 PM #10 tfergusonracing View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles PWCToday.com Is My Home Away From Home Anybody use Ebates? Free money!"
Negative	" This guy @UT14BOOKIES just scammed å£55 on PayPal, please RT and report him!"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  (ONLY EVER TAKEN OUT OF THE BOX AND USED ONCE). REASON FOR SALE IS THAT I HAVE NO NEED FOR IT, AS I INITIALLY THOUGHT IT WOULD BE USEFUL FOR CHATTING TO FAMILY VIA SKYPE BUT I NEVER GET AROUND TO USING IT. IT WORKS PERFECTLY. ITEM PACKAGED WELL IN ORIGINAL BOX AS SHOWN IN THE PHOTO. THE MANUAL AND CD-ROM FOR INSTALLATION ARE ALSO INCLUDED. TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY AUTOMATICALLY DELIVERS BRIGHT AND COLOURFUL VIDEO CLEARFRAME TECHNOLOGY FOR SMOOTH, DETAILED VIDEO EVEN IN LOW-LIGHT CONDITIONS HIGH-PRECISION GLASS ELEMENT LENS DIGITAL, NOISE-CANCELING MICROPHONE FLEXIBLE STAND FITS ANY LAPTOP OR PC WORKS WITH: WINDOWS LIVE MESSENGER, YAHOO! MESSENGER, AOL INSTANT MESSENGER, SKYPE, ETC. I am selling this for just å£32 including P&P. RRP is å£69.99. Please check out the links below for further info on this fantastic webcam.http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-gb/p/lifecam-cinemahttp://www.amazon.co.uk/Microsoft-H5D-00003-Lifecam-Cinema-HD/dp/B002I3IRY8 http://www.engadget.com/products/microsoft/lifecam/cinema/ 3-in-1 LASER PRINTER with copier and scannerA BARGAIN - BRAND NEW 3-IN-1 LASER PRINTER (PRINTER, SCANNER, COPIER, INCLUDES TONER) ONLY å£25.00 INCLUDING P&PINCLUDES PRINTER, TONER, DOCUMENTATION, UK AND US POWER LEADS, ETC ITEM WILL BE SENT VIA COLLECT+ TO YOUR HOME, OR I CAN OFFER A å£2.00 DISCOUNT ON P&P IF YOU ARE WILLING TO COLLECT THE ITEM FROM A COLLECT+ STORE RATHER THAN HAVING IT DELIVERED TO YOUR HOME. BOX OPENED BY EBUYER.COM TO INCLUDE AN APPROPRIATE UK POWER LEAD AS IT IS TECHNICALLY A MODEL MADE FOR THE USA, SUPERIOR TO THE SP100 MODEL SOLD IN THE UK WHICH IS NOT A 3-IN-1. THE PRINTER HAS NOT BEEN TAKEN OUT OF THE BOX, SO IT IS CERTAINLY BRAND NEW. I AM ONLY WILLING TO ACCEPT A RETURN AT THE BUYER'S EXPENSE, THAT IS, THE BUYER WOULD PAY FOR THE RETURN POSTAGE (SHOULD NOT BE TOO MUCH AS COLLECT+ OFFER A GOOD RATE). RETURNS ONLY ACCEPTED IF THE ITEM IS NOT WORKING.THE FOLLOWING INFO HAS BEEN TAKEN FROM AMAZON.COM:Ricoh Aficio SP 100SU e Laser Multifunction Printer - Monochrome - Plain Paper Print - Desktop. AFICIO SP100SUE LASER P/S/C/F USB 1200X600 16MB 13PPM. Printer, Copier, Scanner - 13 ppm Mono Print - 1200 x 600 dpi Print - 13 cpm Mono Copy - 600 dpi Optical Scan - 50 sheets Input - USBManufacturer: Ricoh Company, Ltd Manufacturer Part Number: 406944Brand Name: Ricoh Product Line: AficioProduct Model: SP 100SU eProduct Name: Aficio SP 100SU eMarketing Information: Ricoh is one of the world''s leading manufacturers of business printers. You can now reap the benefits of our know-how in high quality, great performance printer models designed for entryusers. Introducing: the new Ricoh Aficio SP 100 e Series.Product Type: Laser Multifunction Printer Multifunction Devices: Printer, Copier, Scanner Recommended Use: Plain Paper PrintPrint Color: MonochromeMaximum Mono Print Speed (ppm): 13Maximum Print Resolution: 1200 x 600 dpiStandard Memory: 16 MBUSB: YesScanner Type: Flatbed Scan Color: ColorOptical Resolution: 600 dpiI WILL SEND THE PRINTER WITHIN 24 HOURS OF RECEIVING PAYMENT.PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE TO CONTACT ME AND I WILL BE HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS. GBPDelivery: Delivery cost is IncludedPayment method: Bank transfer or PayPal gift payment______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Hello,I'm selling my beloved Samsung Galaxy S2, which I've owned since new in June 2011, as I've recently purchased a Nexus 5. Its in very good condition for its age as I look after my things, there is some wear to the top of the phone as shown in the picture below, due to me using a slip pouch case the top was on show.The phone is unlocked to all networks and comes with its original box, charger and instructions.It is rooted and currently running CyanogenMod but this can be removed for buyers preferred Rom if needed, however I recommend Cyanogen as it offers the closest to stock android but with lots of perks.If you need anymore photos or details just ask.Price and currency: å£100Delivery: Delivery cost is IncludedPayment method: BT, PayPal ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Hi all,Gotquite a few philips shavers iv bought from my friend that used to do markets but has now stopped due to having a baby so thought I would offer them here at bargain prices! They arebused but ive refurbed/cleaned them up! All been tested amd work fine. All have their boxesStyleshaver Pro QS140 - å£40 headgroom plus QC5570 - å£30vacuum Beard Trimmer plus QT4050 - å£30Click and style YS534 - å£40Aquatouch Pro AT941 - å£60 Aquatouch Plus AT896 -å£40 Powertouch Pro PT920 - å£50 NIVEA shaver HS8440 - å£45 Satinperfect Epilator HP6575 - å£30Then ive got a Philips Senseotouch RQ1150 which is open box but shaver inside is sealed.Will let this one go for å£601) Youview TalkTalk Box 320gb all boxed with remote - SOLD2) SKY + HD 500gb with remote (back rubber is very tatty) available to you on Monday 17th - å£373) Sky Hub White with mains lead - å£18 5) Faulty Xbox 360 Slim, console only - å£186) Sony Brand New NFC TV Remote Control RMF-ED003 - å£20 7) Sony brand new 3D Glasses TDG500P X4 Pairs - å£20All prices include delivery Price and currency: variableDelivery: Delivery cost is Included Payment method: BT or PayPalLocation: Tipton  ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooHi, what is the model number of the youview box and what is the condition of it please.I will take the youview box please. Pm me your bank details and will sort a BT.  Don't want to cause issues but i'm not sure you're actually legally entitled to sell Virgin hardware and i also believe a buyer would have trouble registering the 'aquired' hardware against an existing subsription. It's not quite the same as sky where you have essentialy 'paid' for the hardware once your contract expires, with Virgin i think you're only renting so it's still their property.I can't recall all the 'in's' and 'out's' exactly but found this out a while ago after moving from sky and wanting to purchase a second tivo box secondhand.....but then found out it wasn't the way to go.  Don't want to cause issues but i'm not sure you're actually legally entitled to sell Virgin hardware and i also believe a buyer would have trouble registering the 'aquired' hardware against an existing subsription. It's not quite the same as sky where you have essentialy 'paid' for the hardware once your contract expires, with Virgin i think you're only renting so it's still their property.I can't recall all the 'in's' and 'out's' exactly but found this out a while ago after moving from sky and wanting to purchase a second tivo box secondhand.....but then found out it wasn't the way to go.Not trying to thread spoil here just trying to save you any possible agro if a sale went through  Hi. Have you any more photos of the sky box please.  When you say back rubber what part is that  If I up my offer can you post out so I get for friday.Audio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Hi everyone, I have for sale my old PC. Will sell as a complete package or as individual bits:Motherboard: ASUS P5K-E/WIFI-AP AiLifestyle Series P35 Socket 775 Socket eSATA 8 channel Audio ATX Motherboard - I think I might still have the box for this but can't guarantee - å£20, postage å£5 CPU: Intel Core 2 Quad Q6600 Energy Efficient 95W edition Socket 775 (2.40GHz) G0 Stepping L2 8MB Cache OEM Processor - å£20, postage å£3RAM: Crucial Ballistix 2GB (2x1GB) DDR2 PC2-8500C5 1066MHz Dual Channel (BL2KIT12864AA106A) - å£10, postage å£3GPU: Gigabyte GeForce GTX 460 SUPER OC 1024MB GDDR5 PCI-Express Graphics Card - Again, I might have the box but cant guarantee - å£35, postage å£7Case - Lian Li PC60-USB, with window side panel and 120mm fan port on top. One of the blanking plates also has a rectangular cut-out where I had a VFD display fitted (see photos). This is a quality case, not made any more as far as I know but one of the easiest cases I've ever worked with (slide out mobo tray, hdd caddy etc). All aluminium construction. It currently has Sony DVD-RW and a Plextor CD-RW drives installed which I don't use any more so I will include these if the buyer wants them (if they are not included, you'll have to fill the gap as I don't have a spare bezel) - å£40, would prefer if buyer could collect this or meet up somewhere due to it's size but I can post at a cost of å£15  Various, GBPDelivery: Delivery cost is not includedPayment method: Bank transfer preferred, Paypal acceptable also ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooCPU: Intel Core 2 Quad Q6600 Energy Efficient 95W edition Socket 775 (2.40GHz) G0 Stepping L2 8MB Cache OEM Processor - å£20, postage å£3Hi Peas, I'll have this at asking if you can post first.Otherwise, no problem & all the best with your sale.Audio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Offered here for sale or trade is a watched once UK copy of Metallica - Through the Never. .3D & standard 2D blu-rays included, comes with slipcase. Price at å£12 for rules, UK postage included.Price and currency: å£12Delivery: Delivery cost is IncludedPayment method: PayPal Gift Location: Plymouth, United Kingdom  ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooHi, what are you looking for in way of trade?  I would also be interested to trade on this if tokaman doesn't have what you want  interested in any of these? All sealed.3dhotel transylvaniapriates spidermanmen in black 3texas chainsawabraham lincoln vampire hunterunderworld awakeningsWreck it ralph2dthe dark knight (region free)inceptionwreck it ralphEvil deadMen In Black 3 3D Mint with slip watched once?  I have avengers 3d which I would trade no problem but I don't want to step on tokamans shoes so I will let him reply first  Thanks for standing aside for me J1M, I'm glad you got it mateAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	" This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Pioneer DMP BD60 , excellent condition, selling due to moving to the states.Was modified at time of purchase to be multi-region byExcellent player , can't fault it. Price and currency: å£100 onoDelivery: Goods must be exchanged in personPayment method: Paypal or CODLocation: ______________________________________________________This message is automatically inserted in all classifieds forum threads.By replying to this thread you agree to abide by the trading rules detailed here .Please be advised, all buyers and sellers should satisfy themselves that the other party is genuine by providing the following via private conversation to each other after negotiations are complete and prior to dispatching goods and making payment:Landline telephone number. Make a call to check out the area code and number are correct, tooAudio Pro extends wireless audio product range at Bristol ShowMusical Fidelity adds Bluetooth receiver to its V90 Series The Chord Company launches new Silent Mount isolation devicesLG's 2014 Full HD TVs promise dramatically better contrast performanceTannoy bringing Prestige Gold Reference Speakers to Bristol ShowRoberts Blutune DAB/FM Radio and Wireless Speaker ReviewHEVC and VP9 set to battle it out for 4K Codec SupremacyCES 2014 - THX team up with Benchmark to create new amplifier CES 2014 - First look at the new TV line-up from SharpCES 2014 - First look at the new Ultra HD 4K TVs from ToshibaCES 2014 - First look at the new product line-up from SonyNew TV series Babylon starts on Channel 4 this February Frankenstein creates a woman... and everyone loses their head over... Doctor Who - A fifty year adventure in time and spacePlayStation 4 surpasses 5 million sales target with room to spare PlayStation 4 to get superior version of Metal Gear Solid 5Titanfall beta now open to all Xbox One owners and more PC usersPlayStation 4 outsells Xbox One 2:1 at retail in JanuaryFinal Fantasy XIV given official PlayStation 4 Release Date PS4 Error spreading from Battlefield 4 to other gamesCES 2014: Sony announce 4.2 million sales for PS4 in 2013Gamescom 2013: PlayStation 4 & Xbox One Controller ShootoutHuawei pokes fun at Siri to tease new devices set for MWC 2014iPhone 6 will be larger and feature a Sapphire Crystal displayGalaxy S5 teaser hints at new Security and Fitness FeaturesFacebook creates personalised Look Back videos for every user AVForums"
not relevant	 This unit comes with a spectrum sat. receiver and the program disk and cord. I'll take $190 for it shipped in the lower 48 states. paypal only. Thanks NA Mikado Mini Vbar blueline 5.0 Express
not relevant	" Tops - mak-7 - sell or trade - brand new ADVERTISEMENT Hey Guys - This is a brand new TOPS MAK-7 with sheath. Never used, never sharpened. Awesome knife. Would consider a trade, but asking $130 shipped and paid via paypal. This knife has Black and white G-10 handles. Length is 12 1/4"". Double edge 1095 steel with partial serrations. Full tang with pry bar / splitter on the end. Black ballistic nylon belt sheath with additional front pocket for sharpener. Includes the TOPS emergency whistle, and certificate of authenticity from TOPS. PM me with any questions, or email at jaeinaz@gmail.com Thanks IMG_1463.jpg IMG_1464.jpg IMG_1465.jpg IMG_1467.jpg Last edited by driezeinaz; 02-21-2014 at 04:54 PM . Tops - mak-7 - sell or trade - brand new"
not relevant	" Township Gated Community Project @ Avadi Adjacent to World class Institute Vel Tech Engg & Medical College.1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.Price of plots Varies in 3 Ranges based upon its situatesKolkattaTownship Project 5mins from Railway Station.KolkattaBook your Township near Vel tech and Medical College (Avadi)Avoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Township Gated Community Project @ Avadi Adjacent to World class Institute Vel Tech Engg & Medical College.1. Avadi is now the fastest Developing Location for Real Estate Investment 2. Chennai's Prestigious Project 400ft., Outer Ring road is just 100mtrs away from our site3. Project Located just 5 mins Drive away from Railway Station4. Project Located on the Bus Road,5. Pollution Free Environment in the city Limit6. Adjacent to world class institute Vel tech Engg, Medical & University 7. Close Proximity to Education Institutes, schools, and Industries like HVF, OCF & TI Group, etc.8. Just 15Mins Drive from Ambathur IT Corridor.9. Surrounded by Residents, Construction can be done Immediately.KolkataBook your Township near Vel tech and Medical College (Avadi)KolkataProperty Plot for sale Near Vel tech collegeAvoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
not relevant	" Trading some good items in LuxPlena. Akinas Winchester +10 Akinas Blunderbuss +10 Red Noodles (+20% HP, +7% avoid) http://www.elitepvpers.com/forum/tra...vs-paypal.html [Collective Thread] Florensia Trading"
Negative	" Travel TechURGENT alternative to skype, for tabletI'm having a nightmare (airline/tripsta took my money but lost my booking so I'm stranded) and need to make lots of international calls.Skype have 'improved' their service again by routing any attempt to buy credit through a partner company in Taiwan, because that's where I was when I opened my account. I don't live there and don't have a Taiwan bank account, so can't use it. I tried opening a new account in New Zealand, but the 'buy credit' button takes me to a blank page. And my girlfriemd's Indonesian account doesn't even include an option to buy credit. So I need another oprion.I tried Tablet Calling app, but paypal tell me they can't process payments to that company. No reason why! I checked and I do have money in paypal, which is the only payment option they offer.What can I install that will allow me to add credit from either paypal or visa card, to make voice calls worldwide?I'm on an Acer Iconia tablet running Android, and also have a cheap Samsung Android phone.  3I ended up just buying a calling card, and asking Tripsta to call me back.Does Google talk allow you to call phone numbers? They make everything so complicated, I don't even know what their service can or can't do. Still looking for an alternative in the long term. Skype customer service told me that as far as they're concerned I am Taiwanese and have to use Taiwan payment systems, which incidentally are only available to Taiwan citizens. Even if I still lived there, I couldn't use their service any more.If a global business can't understand that people move around, it's not really useful for me. Does anyone know of any great services ( of any kind) that don't pigeonhole you because of where you happen to be on that day?  4I found the only ""solution"" to be making sure the account is amply loaded with money before heading out on a trip. You simply can not count on being able to credit more funds to an existing account, or set up a new account with a new provider, while you're on the road. I think this applies no matter who you use.  5difficult to get access to my own phone unless I have my own lodge or hotel etc. but still check if hte hotel charge locally some do. calling cards used in public phones are quite expensive so I just use a simcard or just pay and use their phones in the hotel for these unexpected stuff it cost more but at least it gets the job done. if it was just chatting to people I know myself I juse apps like WeChat, WhatsApp etc ... no need to get their Skype ID you just need their phone number provided you have Internet access.  http://www.magicjack.com for years, and I travel a lot. It gives you a USA or Canada phone number and lets you call any number in the US and Canada for  8An alternative to Skype, in terms of video chatting features could be ooVoo. Video calls are extremely simple to set up and conferences can hold up to 12 participants. For the times you don't need video, you can instant message.ooVoo supports calling to phones but you'll need to purchase ooVoo credits first which is very straightforward. Thorn Tree Forum: Message List - root"
spam	 TURN $10 INTO HUNDREDS! Enjoy 100% Instant Commissions to your PayPal account. Go to http://t.co/JWcbgD3tEJ http://t.co/9wL4pe38CY
not relevant	" Up for Sale is 2 Maddi Crutch Kits. I hand picked these out of a bulk order. They are nice. Unconditional "" I'll Take It "" ( Item ) Followed by a PM Gets it. Paypal payment is preferred. Discreet - Gift or add 4% OR - USPS Money Order within 7 days. Egyptian Maddi Crutch # 1 ( EK1 ) Excellent unissued condition. Matching numbers, Bolt, Carrier, Cover, Trunnion, Recoil Spring. Arabic Sight Leaf The Barrel Pin hole is in good shape, and the Trunnion Barrel diameter is good to go.. There should be no problems using the original barrel pin and a standard sized barrel. $350 - Shipped - CONUS Egyptian Maddi Crutch # 2 ( EK2 ) Excellent unissued condition. Matching numbers, Bolt, Carrier, Cover, Trunnion, Recoil Spring. Western Sight Leaf The Barrel Pin hole is in good shape, and the Trunnion Barrel diameter is good to go.. There should be no problems using the original barrel pin and a standard sized barrel. $300 - Shipped - CONUS WTS: 2 Maddi Crutch Kits"
not relevant	" Urban Living made Affordable and Fast!. Move-In this March - April 2014!  Downpayment is only P20k ! As low P9k+ monthly. (CLICK Picture to view DETAILS or PM me at www.facebook.com/messages/cebulowcosthouse ) URBAN HOMES CONDO Tipolo MANDAUE CEBU  Potential Rental Income is P15k++ a month. --------   Here's the details of URBAN HOMES Condo TIPOLO.  Downpayment P20K only, 2 months to pay at P10k Monthly Amortization as low as P9,714. -Bigger floor area of a Studio Unit at 26 sqms. - just 20 meters near the highway. - Very Accessible to Malls: SM , Ayala, Parkmall and J Centre Malls.  ------------------- - URBAN HOMES Condo -   All Studio Units with private balcony Floor Area: 26 sqms (with balcony)  Price:  (4th floor); P1,058,000  (3rd floor); P1,083,000  (2nd floor); P1,108,000  (ground floor)P1,158,000  *Note: (Shown Price Exclusive of Reservation Fee of P10k  )  Reservation Fee: P10,000 (exclusive of price)  Downpayment: P20,000, 2 months to pay at P10k /month   Monthly amortization: (25 yrs. maximum term)  (with Rebate/ Discount for on-time payment for the 1st 5 years)  4th floor: P10,818/month  Net of rebate : P9,714/ month  3rd floor: P10,079 /month   Net of rebate: P9,948/ month  2nd floor: P11,339 /month  Net of rebate: P10,182 /month  1st floor: P11,860/month / Net of  rebate: P10,649/ month --------------   Features of Urban Homes Condo in Tipolo Mandaue: - Size: 3.5 meters by 7.5 meters - with balcony - with Kitchen countertop, tiles, cupboard and cabinet - Toilet and Bath (complete finished with tiles, shower, lavatory) - Sliding window - Fully Painted  Condominium Amenities ( Urban Homes Condo ): - Clubhouse - Basketball Court - Swimming Pool  Requirements: a) For Employed - 2 Valid ID (both spouse) - Passport (if abroad)  - 1x1 picture (white background)  - 1 month payslip - birth or marriage certificate (if applicable) - postdated checks (for further discussion, we have a bank referral available for easy opening of checking account - I will assist) - SPA (if abroad) (to follow)  b) For Self-Employed with Business - 2 valid ID (both spouse) - 1x1 picture (white background) - birth or marriage certificate (if applicable) - bank statement (at least 6 months) - Income Tax Return - Business Permit - Financial Statement signed by CPA - postdated checks (for further discussion, we have bank referral available)   C) For Home-Based & Commision Based Professionals * Proof of income documents will be as follows: - 6 months Bank Statement - Paypal / Westen Union / Kwarta Padala Receipts last 6 months  * Those with Allotment from abroad can buy this under their name also.  Rental Income Potential is P15,000 above per month!  Very Ideal for young professionals, call center agents, for rental , investment purposes and for vacation sanctuary.  Grab this chance and own a Condo Unit at a very affordable monthly payment.  Fast selling!!! INVEST NOW!  Feel free to discuss this further and for room viewing.  --  ROLLY C. BONTUYAN Real Estate Broker (PRC Lic. no. 0009794) mobile landline: (032) 316-3257 smart: 0908-8892316 / sun: 0943-4517849 globe# 0917-5068543 rollybontuyan@gmail.com PM me: www.facebook.com/messages/cebucondominiums4sale  URBAN HOMES CONDO TIPOLO MANDAUE #UrbanHomesCondo #AffordableCebuCondo Urban Living now made Affordable and Fast. Start the New Year right! Move -In this March-April 2014! Downpayment P20k only, 2 months to pay @ P10k a month. Monthly Amort as low as P9,714. Catch up on the last few units. Inquire here: sun# 0943-451-7849 / smart# 0908-889-2316 / Globe# 0917-5068543 / Landline# (032) 316-3257/ rollybontuyan@gmail.com or PM me: www.facebook.com/messages/cebulowcosthouse Cebu HomesRealty shared CEBU LOW COST HOUSE AND LOT's photo.  URBAN Homes CONDO - Affordable URBAN Living and Spacious Area"
not relevant	" VICTORIA's SECRET MISTS  (Now Made MORE AFFORDABLE!!)  Retail PRICE: P380 each (FREE SHIPPING)  WHOLESALE PRICE: ‰ÏÓ6 pcs: P340 each (free shipping) ‰ÏÓ10 pcs: P290 each (free shipping) ‰ÏÓ12 pcs: P280 each (free shipping) ‰ÏÓ24 pcs: P270 each (free shipping) ‰ÏÓ36 pcs: P260 each (free shipping) ‰ÏÓ50 pcs: P250 each (free shipping)   FREE SHIPPING anywhere in the Philippines!   WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE VICTORIA'S SECRET SCENT? 1. AMBER ROMANCE 2. ENDLESS LOVE 3. BERRY KISS 4. COCONUT PASSION 5. DELICATE PETALS 6. HONEYSUCKLE BELLE 7. VANILLA LACE 8. LEAVE ME BREATHLESS 9. LEMON PARADISE 10. ISLAND WATERS 11. MANGO TEMPTATION 12. LOST IN FANTASY 13. PEAR GLACE 14. PURE SEDUCTION 15. SECRET CHARM 16. SECRET CRUSH 17. WILD SCARLET 18. VANILLA TEASE 19. PRETTY IN PINK 20. SPARKLING SUGARED PEAR 21. COCOA BUTTER 22. SHEA BUTTER 23. JOJOBA BUTTER 24. SWEET DAYDREAM 25. MY DESIRE 26. PASSIONATE KISSES 27. MIDNIGHT MIMOSA 28. ROMANTIC WISH 29. BLOSSOMING ROMANCE 30. RAVISHING LOVE 31. SWEET TEMPTATION 32. STRAWBERRIES AND CHAMPAGNE 33. LUSCIOUS KISSES 34. LOVE SPELL MIDNIGHT 35. PURE SEDUCTION MIDNIGHT 36. AMBER ROMANCE MIDNIGHT 37. SWEET SUGAR 38. COCONUT SUGAR 39. BERRY SUGAR  For sure orders, please fill out an online order form in this link: http://www.emailmeform.com/builder/form/5tgcC12d2d5Bd7cOd0  Or kindly text the following format to any of the following numbers:  ‰ÏÀSMART 09208736930 ‰ÏÀSUN 09339268949  Name: Complete Shipping Address: Contact #: Email: Mode of Payment: (BDO, Landbank, Unionbank, Paypal, ML, Cebuana, Western Union, LBC or any Money Transfer) Full Payment Date: Orders (Kindly indicate the item description and quantity):  Note: You may also send the order form thru our Facebook inbox. Thank you and God bless!    I am a Certified Online Seller since July 2010. You may click this link to view my proof of deliveries: http://www.xend.com.ph/ShipperDetails.aspx?a=072810028 Please text/call 09208736930 for orders and inquiries.Thank you! :) List of available scents for VS BODY MISTS: Retail PRICE: P380 each (FREE SHIPPING NATIONWIDE)  WHOLESALE PRICE: ‰ÏÓ6 pcs: P340 each  ‰ÏÓ10 pcs: P290 each  ‰ÏÓ12 pcs: P280 each ‰ÏÓ24 pcs: P270 each ‰ÏÓ36 pcs: P260 each  ‰ÏÓ50 pcs: P250 each   FREE SHIPPING anywhere in the Philippines! *Hurry LIMITED stocks only!!!  1. AMBER ROMANCE 2. ENDLESS LOVE 3. BERRY KISS 4. COCONUT PASSION 5. DELICATE PETALS 6. HONEYSUCKLE BELLE 7. VANILLA LACE 8. LEAVE ME BREATHLESS 9. LEMON PARADISE 10. ISLAND WATERS 11. MANGO TEMPTATION 12. LOST IN FANTASY 13. PEAR GLACE 14. PURE SEDUCTION 15. SECRET CHARM 16. SECRET CRUSH 17. WILD SCARLET 18. VANILLA TEASE 19. PRETTY IN PINK 20. SPARKLING SUGARED PEAR 21. COCOA BUTTER 22. SHEA BUTTER 23. JOJOBA BUTTER 24. SWEET DAYDREAM 25. MY DESIRE 26. PASSIONATE KISSES 27. MIDNIGHT MIMOSA 28. ROMANTIC WISH 29. BLOSSOMING ROMANCE 30. RAVISHING LOVE 31. SWEET TEMPTATION 32. STRAWBERRIES AND CHAMPAGNE 33. LUSCIOUS KISSES 34. LOVE SPELL MIDNIGHT 35. PURE SEDUCTION MIDNIGHT 36. AMBER ROMANCE MIDNIGHT 37. SWEET SUGAR 38. COCONUT SUGAR 39. BERRY SUGAR  https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.401559816564908.100896.120935514627341&type=1 Leisure Phils shared Victoria's Secret Perfumes's album: VICTORIA's SECRET MISTS  (Now On Sale!).  VICTORIA's SECRET MISTS  (Now On Sale!)"
spam	 Video: Video - Make Money Online Paypal - 100% Free to Start! - Tired... http://t.co/O1Vpj5aA4C
Positive	" walcolm: and it looks to me like the ULTERIOR MOTIVE for this thread is to sell your so called dedicated VPN to people rather than genuinely put them through the process of opening and maintaining a honest PAY PAL account YOu got the fuul picture or sell some Ebook, cos most of waht is being said are mare hope,Pay Pall are clever they would unmasked ur so cal masked IP .There is no genuine need to own a paypal account in Nigeria rather than for fraudulent reasons Ask Me Any Question On Operating Paypal From Nigeria & How To Remove Limitation (6)"
spam	" Want all of this gone asap. Text me at 2489337252 and we'll get shit done fast! PayPal only. Gift or add 4%. No trades except the following: oakley frogskins level 1 hoodie non-shitty goggles lanyards something special (let me know) Saga Riding Flannel Size 3xl 9/10 $65 shipped Saga Coaches Jacket (sample) Size L 9/10 $55 shipped Saga Triple Stack Size 3xl 8/10 (wavy zipper) $45 shipped Level 1 Thermal Size 3xl 9/10 $30 shipped Level 1 Camo Ballpark Tall Tee Size 3xl 9/10 $30 shipped Level 1 Grey Script Tall Tee Size 3xl 9/10 $30 shipped Level 1 Boonie Size 7 3/4 (fits most) 10/10 Brand New $30 shipped Jiberish Grand Cru Size 2xl (fits like xl) 9/10 $60 shipped Jiberish Chambreezy Size XL 8.5/10 $45 shipped Jiberish Dog Eat Dog Size 3xl (fits like 2xl) 8.5/10 (slight wavy zipper, shoelace through bottom) $50 shipped Stept Hoodie Size 2xl 9/10 $55 shipped Full Tilt Hoodie Size Team 10/10 Brand New with tag $50 shipped DEALS: Saga, Level 1, Jiberish, Full Tilt, Stept"
spam	" We are new suppliers from Denmark. And we are legit. Our stock are have no limit and we supply benzo and painkillers.    Valium (diazepam) 105 pills = 59‰âÂ Valium (diazepam) 1050 pills = 480‰âÂ Valium (diazepam) 10500 pills = 3350‰âÂ (All in 10 mg.)   Rovitril (Clonazepam) 100 pills = 64‰âÂ Rovitril (Clonazepam) 1000 pills = 520‰âÂ Rovitril (Clonazepam) 10000 pills = 4180‰âÂ  (All in 2 mg. )   Ketogan 10 mg. (morfin.)  100 pills = 92‰âÂ 1000 pills = 830‰âÂ 10000 pills = 7000‰âÂ  Oxycontin 40 mg.   100 pills = 87‰âÂ 1000 pills = 750‰âÂ 10000 pills = 6200‰âÂ  Shipping cost 15‰âÂ, over 1000 shipping is included.   After payment we will ship 48 hours lates.  And you will get a mail or a pb.  Order by via our PB here on facebook.  Ofcause tracking after we have sending your order.  If there are other kind of meds. you need you are wellcome to contact us.   Payment details:   For danes you can only use Paypall.  Other countrys is Western Union   Best regards Henrik, Denmark Benzo Vals shared a status update.  Benzo Vals"
not relevant	" We do installation and Service for all kind brand ac (Split or Window)We serviceInstallationGas chargingKolkataSecond Hand A/c for Sales Window L.G CompanyKolkataSecond Hand A/c for Sales Window L.G CompanyAvoid scams by acting locally or paying with PayPal.Never pay with Western Union, Moneygram or other anonymous payment services.Don't buy or sell outside of your country. Don't accept cashier cheques from outside your country. Latest listings added - Tuffclassified"
spam	" We Need People To Donate For These #SistersPacks Please.. They're 2 For å£15.. For Our #Mothers & #Sisters In Syria They Don't Have The Basics So Let's Do This For Them!!   The Packs Contain Sanitary Towels, Wipes, Shampoo, Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Hairbrush, Soap, Cream & Vaseline.  ASK Your #Family & #Friends And Give Them The #Opportunity To Donate To Help These Sisters Too   ‰Û¢ #Leicester people drop off donations at #Ambalas which is on the corner of Chatsworth Street/Berners Street corner (Highfields) or inbox me   ‰Û¢ Everyone else can donate directly to the One Nation account via   #BankTransfer -  Account Name: One Nation Account Number: 01253801 Bank - Islamic Bank of Britain Sort Code: 30-00-83 IBAN: GB52 LOYD 3096 3401 0241 92 Swift: IBOBGB22   ‰Û¢ Or #PayPal: one.nation@mail.com   ‰Û¢ Or via our website - www.onenationuk.org   #Aid4Syria #SistersInSyria #TheyDontHaveTheBasicEssentials #HelpUsToHelpThem #HowManyAreYouAimingToPayForAfterYouFundraiseAmongstYourCircle? #OpportunityToHelpTheOppressed..  PLEASE SHARE :) Bembenk Suhardono shared Majid Freeman's photo.  Mobile Uploads"
Negative	" Welp, guess I just ordered a shirt I didn‰Ûªt want because I wanted to make sure my PayPal worked. I thought it still didn‰Ûªt work."
spam	" Who Has a Paypal account ? If So, you can get paid Daily right into your Account from ZNZ....‰ª´ That's how I get Paid :) #SAHM  #WAHM"
spam	" Who is Behind the Very Generous 'Tips for Jesus'? Who is Behind the Very Generous 'Tips for Jesus'?Thanks to DT.By Alastair Leithead, BBC News, Los Angeles - February 21, 2014http://tinyurl.com/m9kczutA secretive syndicate of super-rich diners have started a trend of leaving lottery-winning tips for bar staff, waiters and waitresses across the US. The lucky recipients are thrilled at the windfall, but is this another sign of the growing chasm between the rich and everyone else in America?Scribbling the phrase ""Tips for Jesus"" alongside outrageous gratuities on credit card receipts, the trend - presumably among the super-rich - has set the internet abuzz with speculation over who the ringleader might be.More than $130,000 (å£78,027) worth of tips are said to have been left in the six months since the mystery handouts began.Pictures of many grinning faces and evidence of their windfalls have been posted on Twitter and Instagram, where #TipsForJesus is not only trending but is unsurprisingly attracting a lot of ""likes"".The movement we started is intended to be agnostic""- Unnamed,""Tips for Jesus"" ringleaderUndercover benefactorsThe rich and mysterious tipper or group of tippers have been leaving giant gratuities in a dozen cities across the US and Mexico, but recently the service staff of Los Angeles have been cashing in.Just last week a waiter at a top Italian restaurant in LA picked up a $6,000 gratuity on a $900 dinner bill, and a fast food server was given a $100 for a $4 milkshake.Two waitresses at an iconic Sunset Boulevard strip club, Jumbo's Clown Room, shared $2,000 in tips on a $272 bill.But the undercover benefactors have also been operating in New York, Arizona, San Francisco and Palo Alto, and it's there where many people think the secret to the lavish spending lies - a Silicon Valley billionaire. Some insider magazines have gone as far as to name former PayPal vice-president Jack Selby as the mystery money man, but he's keeping quiet and those responsible remain out of the public eye.And apparently ""Tips for Jesus"" has nothing to do with religion.Widening wealth gapThe ringleader asked to keep his anonymity in exchange for an interview with the San Francisco Magazine. ""The movement we started is intended to be agnostic,"" he is quoted as saying, suggesting he can't remember exactly how it all began, other than it being last September after a college football game in Michigan.A $3,000 tip on an $87.98 tab, with a photograph posted to Instagram, and ever since then a flurry of local media interest has followed news of the latest big gratuity.The ringleader has ""been fortunate"" in life, the magazine says, adding he and his friends had been big tippers for years - just not this big. Rubber stamps have even been made, and there's a possibility copy-cat tipping is going on - something welcomed by those lucky enough to share in the peculiar redistribution of wealth.Tipping is part of culture in the US, where there are traditionally low wages for serving staff, but this is a curious form of luck-based philanthropy.This is the Council of Love meditation to guide you in anchoring your sacred self in the Divine Mother's Tsunami of Love. The more often you do this meditation the more potent it will become. You are anchoring and activating not only for your sacred self but for the collective of humanity.Stephen Cook: An Open Letter to Leaders Around the World; Tell Us the Truth in 2014SIGN the Petition to World Leaders, for Truth TODAY: Archangel Michael on Why He Wants Us to Ask You for Your Assistance  Angelic Guides via Taryn Crimi: Happiness Cannot be Found Outside of You, It Can Only be Created from Within  Nigeria: Central Bank Chief Passport Seized - Yet He Could Turn Out to be 'The Good Guy'‰Û_  ""First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you."" (General Executive Board Report and Proceedings [of The] Biennial Convention, Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, 1914. Sometimes attributed to Gandhi.)Schopenhauer on the Emergence of Truth""All truth passes through 3 stages: First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident."" - Arthur SchopenhauerWerner Erhard, Creating a World That Works for EveryoneWe can choose to be audacious enough to take responsibility for the entire human family. We can choose to make our love for the world be what our lives are really about. Each of us now has the opportunity, the privilege, to make a difference in creating a world that works for all of us. It will require courage, audacity, and heart. It is much more radical than a revolution - it is the beginning of a transformation in the quality of life on our planet. You have the power to fire the shot heard 'round the world. (Werner Erhard, Graduate Review, February 1980.)I Know My Galactic Family Is Here, Do You?Ready-Reference Guide: There's No Need to Fear The 2012 Scenario"
Positive	 Wish I had a weed man that accepted PayPal.
not relevant	" WTS SKS Book Lamont&Fuller - Belt Pouches w/Ammo - Russian/Chinese/Yugo WTS SKS Belt Pouches RussianW/Rare539/67ammo/Chinese-wAmmo/Yugo WTS SKS Book Lamont&Fuller - Belt Pouches w/Ammo - Russian/Chinese/Yugo . . From My Personal Collection ... Opened the Dark Vault once more __ The PERFECT Match for your Russian SKS Rifle Vietnam Dated as well. I have 3 pouches sets left each pouch comes with Russian stamped 10rd Stripper Clips loaded with Russian Factory 539 dated 67 copper washed ammo 1 set ....1 Pouch.... 3 strippers .. 30rds of 539/67 .... $60 shipped 2 sets ...1 Pouch ... 2 strippers... 20rds of 539/67 .... and 7rds Inert Russian 270/58 ...$55 each shipped Russian Factory 270 dated 1958 can't get much earlier that that ! these have been fired ....resized and bullet replaced with NO Powder or Primer .... translation > INERT. I only have 2 Metal oilers ....add $6 if you want an Oiler Have a nice Russian SKS Collection ? Well Take ALL 3 Sets & both oilers for $155 shipped Original Chinese SKS Stripper Clip Belt Pouch pouch comes with 30rds on 3 Chinese Strippers Clips with 30rds of Chinese 351/87 ammo $48 shipped The pouch hold 3 Strippers easily ....a 4th stripper is a Really Tight fit I also have 10rd Stripper of 9141/75 and a 10rd Stripper of 31/82 $10 per stripper I have Two Yugo SKS Double Ammo Pouches each pocket will hold 4 10rd stripper clips of Ammo....so 2 Pockets = 80rds of ammo **** NO AMMO is Included **** You are buying .... 1 Double Pocket Leather Pouch 1 Yugo Plastic Oiler 1 Yugo String Pull-thru 10 Empty Stripper Clips All the above for $30 shipped I have 2 sets take both for $55 shipped . WTS RareBook SimonovSKSCarbines-Lamont&Fuller$98 . From My Personal Book Collection Long out of print and impossible to find First Edition - 1981 Softcover....218 pages. One of the First Really GOOD books printed ONLY about the SKS Rifles....WAY BEFORE all the Imports. Covers the Russian, Chinese, North Vietnamese, North Korean and Yugoslavian SKS rifles. Photos of all the known models at the time & accessories Color drawings of all the 7.62x39mm cartridges....USSR / China / USA / Finland / Czechosovakia / Egypt / East Germany Photos of Ammo Crates and cartridge Boxes of 7.62x39 ammo Disassembly and MOST Important....Reassembly instructions w/drawings. A MUST Have Book for the serious SKS Collector ! excellent condition $98 shipped Payment Options Discreet Paypal +4% [ Preferred ] Required within 24 Hours OR US Postal Money Order or Cash Required within 5 days When you email me ....tell me HOW you wish you Pay either Discreet Paypal or a US Postal Money Order .... this speeds things up a bit. NO PM's WTS SKS Book Lamont&Fuller - Belt Pouches w/Ammo - Russian/Chinese/Yugo"
not relevant	" www.ebay.co.uk SEAT LEON FR+SUPERCOPA 2012 MAY PX TRANSIT ST in Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles, Cars, Seat | eBay Seat Leon 2.0TDi 170 CR FR + Supercopa 5 door 6 speed. 2012 '62' Registered September 2012, 22k 1 previous owner. sellimg due to wanting a transit st  (in Leeds, UK)   Manufacturer‰Ûªs warranty until  2015. Serviced 01   Finished in White   **FACTORY OPTIONS ‰ÛÒ DVD SAT NAV,  WINTER PACK -  SPORTS COMFORT FRONT SEATS, HEADLIGHT WASHERS, HEATED WASHER JETS, ELECTRIC FOLDING HEATED DOOR MIRRORS, REAR AIRBAGS**  Spec includes ‰ÛÒ 3 point rear seatbelts x3, ABS + TCS (with TCS deactivation), Child proof door locks, Curtain airbags, Driver/Front Passenger airbags, ESP + EBA (with ESP deactivation), Front seatbelt pretensioners, Front side airbags, Height adj front seatbelts/belt force limiters, Hill hold control, Passenger airbag deactivation system, Tyre pressure monitoring system. Auto-lock/unlock doors, Immobiliser, Locking wheel bolts, Remote central locking + deadlocks, Second remote key, Volumetric alarm with back up horn. 'Lights On' warning buzzer, 3 Button folding key with remote window opening/closing function, Bluetooth handsfree phone connection with steering wheel mounted controls, Boot open warning light, Cruise control, Digital clock and outside temperature display, Dynamic steering response (DSR), Electro - mechanical power assisted steering, Low fuel warning light, Multi Function Display, Remote fuel flap release, SEAT logo boot release, Service interval indicator, Trip computer. 12V power point front, 2 rear cupholders, Active head restraints, Boot storage net, Driver seat height/lumbar adjust, Dual zone climate control, Front adjustable head restraints, Front and rear courtesy lights with delay, Front map reading lights, Height/reach adjust steering wheel, Illuminated boot, Isofix child seat preparation, Passenger seat back pocket, Passenger seat height adjuster, Passenger seat lumbar adjust, Rear head restraints, Rear reading lights, Split folding rear seat, Sports leather steering wheel + leather gear knob, Sports seats, Storage under front passenger seat, Sunvisors with illuminated vanity mirrors (drivers with covered mirror + card holder), White instrument lighting with brightness control. 8 speakers, Auxiliary input socket, Combined ipod/USB connection, Radio/CD + MP3, Steering wheel mounted audio controls. Aerodynamic body kit, Body colour door handles, Body coloured bumpers, Chromed centre radiator grille surround, Coming home headlight function, Cornering front fog lights, Dark green tinted rear windows, Electric adjustable/heated/folding door mirrors, Electric front/rear windows with one touch/anti pinch, Electric headlamp adjustment, Honeycomb front grille, Silver door mirrors, Tinted windows, Twin sports exhaust, Bi-Xenon headlights + adaptive front lighting system/headlight washers + daytime running lights + LED tail lights. 18"" alloy wheels, Space saver spare wheel.  I will listen to sensible offers Please no tyre kickers only serious buyers only I am willing to take persons on a test drive or they are able to drive if they can produce relevant insurance documents. Any Questions welcome please feel free to email me stuarthollard@gmail.com Thanks for looking (I can provide more pictures of the car on request, just need a fine day ! ) Car is based in leeds west yorkshire CASH ON COLLECTION AND PICK UP ONLY NO PAYPAL  iam using the car daily so the milage will go up thankyou for looking  Price: å£15,700.00 you can also make an offer :)  SEAT LEON FR+SUPERCOPA 2012 MAY PX TRANSIT ST"
spam	" www.feedermatrix.com Feeder Tired of sponsoring and advertising? Let Them Do All the Work..Relax! It's a direct pay system and You are GUARANTEED TO MAKE A PROFIT! We will NOT STOP making you money even if YOU STOP!  It works! It pays instantly and it pays FOREVER!  Visit the website link below and join right now: http://www.feedermatrix.com/?ref=ion55  Instant Payments to your paypal, payza, stp!"
not relevant	" Yea they do, but do not order from website. They won't get the order and it should error out on checkout. Just call them and have them e-mail you a paypal invoice. They are legit, i got my kit today and it looks nice. I have an issue with no audio but i am guessing that my head unit may not like the factory amp. I have another thread started asking for help if anyone knows what might be wrong. If I can't figure it out, i will probably just loose the amp and factory sub and wire directly to head unit. Has anyone used dash kits from krankitup?"
not relevant	" You have chosen to sponsor your bid up to a maximum amount of   I want to develop a mobile app. The functionality will be very similar to the following websites:http://www.just-eat.ca/ http://www.foodee.ca/iPhone Blackberry Android AppSpec:3 elements:1. Client AppCreate an account and enter billing informationFind restaurants that are close by that offer pickup, or deliver to a given addressThis could be typed inOr GPS Located View those restaurants:Menu's PhotosSpecial OffersPlace an order for delivery/pickupSchedule an order for later delivery/pickupPay securely using their account (credit card, paypal etc)Add a gratuity to the order2. Business User AppAllow user to receive orders to iPad, iPhone or iTouch or email.Mark orders as delivered/picked-upApp must notify user of a new order through visible notification3. Web Portal (Back-End)Allow a business to upload their menu with prices for the itemsAllow user to set option to allow for delivery/pickupSet opening hoursUpload logo Upload photo'sSet special offers forNew Customers Returning Customers Map locationMap delivery areaView previous orders & produce reports on orders taken and time taken to fulfill the orders  Log in as the employer to view bids or to bid on this project.Code of ConductFreelancer å¨ is a registered Trademark of Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 142 189 759) Freelancer.com - New Projects"
